# Radar Station
Radar Station is a 1953 Canadian short documentary film produced by the National Film Board of Canada (NFB) as part of the "On The Spot" series made specifically for television.  The documentary involved an account of a visit to a radar station while it is involved in a simulated air attack, and is based on first-person interviews of the staff at the radar station.

# RAF Trimingham
Remote Radar Head Trimingham or RRH Trimingham is a TPS-77 radar station situated on the coast in the English county of Norfolk.  The site is located on the coast road between Cromer and Mundesley, 1 kilometre east of the village of Trimingham.  The radar station is a satellite station of RAF Neatishead (grid reference [ TG289382] ).  This radar station is controlled and maintained by a section of Radar Technicians and Operators and supported by a team of Ground Engineers.  Trimingham provides extensive coverage of the East coast of the United Kingdom and helps contribute to the recognised air picture and defence of the United Kingdom.  The type 93 became operational on the site in April 1997.

# NATO Ouvrage &quot;G&quot;
From 1949 to March 10, 1967, France's military operated within the NATO command structure, integrating its air defense system (the "Défense Aérienne du Territoire" (D.A.T.)) with that of NATO through the indirect use of American aid funds.  Between 1953 and 1958, the D.A.T. built a radar station in an old troops shelter (in French : "abri-caverne") near the fort, called "Ouvrage "G"".  Called ""Station Maître Radar 60/921"", it was used beginning in 1959, covering an area on the surface of three times the area of the troops shelter.  Ouvrage "G" complemented "Ouvrage F", another D.A.T. station located at the old Fort François de Guise at Metz, while "Ouvrage H" was established as "Base aérienne" 901 Drachenbronn/"Station Maître Radar 50/921" in the former Maginot Ouvrage Hochwald.  Ouvrage "G" was equipped with seven radar antennas installed on top of the fort.  The principal radars are presently located on the Ballon de Servance.

# No. 227 Radar Station RAAF
No. 227 Radar Station RAAF was a Royal Australian Air Force radar station located at Yanchep, Western Australia.  Established during World War II to provide early warning of Japanese air raids against Perth, the radar station was formed in 1942–43 and operational by late 1943.

# Mukachevo Radar Station
Mukachevo radar station was a Soviet radar station providing early warning of ballistic missile attack.  It was located in Shipka in the far south west of Ukraine and was part of the Soviet, and then Russian missile attack warning system.  Information from this station could be used for a launch on warning nuclear missile attack or to engage the A-135 anti-ballistic missile system.

# Dwarka
Dwarka () is a small city and a municipality of Devbhoomi Dwarka district in the state of Gujarat in northwestern India.  It is located on the western shore of the Okhamandal Peninsula on the right bank of the Gomti River.  In 2011 it had a population of 38,873.  Dwarka is one of the foremost Chardhams, four sacred Hindu pilgrimage sites, and is one of the Sapta Puri, the seven most ancient religious cities in the country.  Dwarka is often identified with the Dwarka Kingdom, the ancient kingdom of Krishna, and is believed to have been the first capital of Gujarat.

# Radar Station B-71
The B-71 radar station also known as Klamath River Radar Station, Crescent City Radar Station, Trinidad Radar Station was an Army Air Force early warning station in World War II.  It is a rare survivor of a World War II early-warning radar station.  It was constructed as a disguise to look like a farmhouse.  To guard against potential invasions, the U.S. Army built "farm" buildings; the cinderblock structures, complete with shingled roofs, and fake windows and dormers, housed an early-warning radar station.  From the air, the sea, and even the road, these buildings appeared to be part of a working farm.  In fact, they housed a diesel generator, electronic equipment, and two 50-caliber anti-aircraft guns.  This is one of 65 that were built all along the western coast of America during World War II.  It is located on Coastal Dr. just south of the mouth of Klamath River.

# Skrunda-1
Skrunda-1, also known as Skrunda-2, is a ghost town and former Soviet radar station located 5 km (3 mi) to the north of Skrunda, in Raņķi parish, Latvia.  It was the site of two Dnepr radar (NATO "Hen House") radar installations constructed in the 1960s.  A Daryal radar was being built there before the collapse of the Soviet Union.  Skrunda was strategically important to the Soviet Union as its radars covered Western Europe.  The two barn-like radars were one of the most important Soviet early warning radar stations for listening to objects in space and for tracking possible incoming ICBMs.

# Sevastopol Radar Station
Sevastopol radar station was a Soviet radar station providing early warning of ballistic missile attack.  It is located between the Cape of Chersones and the auxiliary airfield "Chersones" (Marine Aviation of the Black Sea Fleet) in Sevastopol and was part of the Soviet missile attack warning system.  Information from this station could be used for a launch on warning nuclear missile attack or to engage the A-135 anti-ballistic missile system.

# Iqbal F. Qadir
Vice-Admiral Iqbal Fazl Quadir (Urdu:اقبال فضل قادر) , is a retired three-star rank admiral in the Pakistan Navy, former diplomat, and a defence analyst.  He is renown for his participation in second war with India when he was part of the flotilla that attacked the radar station in Dwarka, India.

# Tivolis Koncertsal
Tivolis Koncertsal is a 1,660-capacity concert hall located at Tivoli Gardens in Copenhagen, Denmark.  The building, which was designed by Frits Schlegel and Hans Hansen, was built between 1954 and 1956.

# Tivoli Gardens
Tivoli Gardens (or simply Tivoli) is a famous amusement park and pleasure garden in Copenhagen, Denmark.  The park opened on 15 August 1843 and is the second-oldest operating amusement park in the world, after Dyrehavsbakken in nearby Klampenborg, also in Denmark.

# Takino Suzuran Hillside National Government Park
Takino Suzuran Hillside National Government Park (国営滝野すずらん丘陵公園 , Kokuei Takino Suzuran Kyūryō Kōen ) is a Japanese national government park located in Sapporo, Hokkaido.  It is the only national government park in the northern island of Hokkaido.  The park area spreads over 395.7 hectares of hilly country and ranges in altitude between 160 and 320 m above sea level.  Currently, 192.3 is accessible to the public.  The park grounds are separated into six zones: the Mountain Stream Zone, Central Zone, Lodging Zone, Forest Experience Zone (planned to be open in 2009), Nature Observation Zone (planned to be open in 2010), and Preservation Zone (not open to the public).  During the winter season, the park operates as the “Takino Snow World”, providing visitors with a wide variety of winter outdoor activities.

# Taconic State Park – Copake Falls Area
The Copake Falls Area of Taconic State Park is a state park located in Copake, a town in Columbia County, New York.  The park is one of two subdivisions of the main park, the other being the Rudd Pond Area.  This section of Taconic State Park is located on New York State Route 344, and offers several different attractions for the visitors.  The park is open all around the year, with hours of sunrise to sunset and can change due to weather.  The park hosts a campground, which is only open from May to December, and a cabin area, which is open year-round, with access to nearby skiing areas.

# Wait and See
Wait and See is a live album by pianist Duke Jordan's Trio recorded at the Tivolis Koncertsal and first released on the Danish SteepleChase label in 1985.

# Pepper Tree Playfield
Pepper Tree Playfield is a 21.7-acre community park located in western Newbury Park, California.  It is located at the corner of Reino- and Old Conejo Roads, and was acquired by the Conejo Recreation & Park District (CRPD) in 1977, but not developed nor opened until 1983.  It contains a 0.83-mile fitness trail loop, and is nearby numerous trailheads.  The park is within walking distance from the Conejo Vista Trailhead in Old Conejo Open Space, located immediately north of Pepper Tree Playfield, and the park is directly across the street from the Knoll Trailhead (Pepper Tree Vista Trail) in Knoll Open Space, which is to the park’s immediate east, crossing North Reino Road.  It is also an access point for trails leading to the Conejo Mountain.  Pepper Tree Playfield is named for its many pepper trees, which surrounds the park area.

# Deer Ridge Open Space
Deer Ridge Open Space is a 188-acre public-owned open-space area in the southwest portion of the town of Newbury Park, California.  It contains a series of north-facing mountainous ridges and canyons, dominated by chaparral and oak trees.  It shares borders with the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area to the south, and the Los Robles Trail traverses the length of Deer Ridge Open Space.  Its main trailhead is located on Potrero Road, while a smaller access point is located at the southern end of Felton Street.  The Los Robles Trail is the Conejo Open Space Conservation Agency’s longest trail, and connects to open-space areas and parks such as the Los Padres Open Space, Conejo Ridge Open Space, Hope Nature Preserve, Old Conejo Open Space, and the Los Vientos Open Space.  The trail in Newbury Park provides panoramic views of the Conejo Valley and Santa Monica Mountains, before entering the Hope Nature Preserve.  The Los Robles Trail provides more than 25 miles of contiguous trails connecting Newbury Park to Westlake Village in Los Angeles County.  Immediately south of the Deer Ridge Open Space in Newbury Park are the Hidden Valley and Rancho Sierra Vista "Satwiwa".

# Ventu Park Open Space
Ventu Park Open Space is a 141-acre open space area in Newbury Park, California.  Its primary features are the Rosewood Trail leading to Angel Vista, a 1,603 ft peak in the Santa Monica Mountains.  Parking for the Rosewood Trail is located at the Stagecoach Inn Park, across Lynn Road from the primary trailhead.  The Rosewood Trail begins with oak woodland and crosses a creek at the canyon floor, before climbing up towards the steep Angel Vista Point.  There are 360-degree panoramic views of the Conejo Valley, the Oxnard Plain, the California Channel Islands, Pacific Ocean, Point Mugu, Hidden Valley, as well as the Santa Monica-, Santa Susana- and Topa Topa Mountains.  The Rosewood Trail is the starting point for the Los Robles Trail, the longest trail operated by the Conejo Open Space Conservation Agency (COSCA).  It connects to various open space areas and nature preserves in the Greater Thousand Oaks Area, including the Hope Nature Preserve, Los Padres Open Space, Conejo Ridge Open Space, Deer Ridge Open Space, Old Conejo Open Space and Los Vientos Open Space.  The 25-mile Los Robles Trail begins by Angel Vista Point and is a 25-mile trail connecting Newbury Park and the City of Westlake Village by crossing Hidden Valley, Thousand Oaks and Lake Sherwood.  Alternatively, hikers can cross the Potrero Ridge and join the trail leading to Satwiwa, which again connects to Point Mugu through trails crossing the Santa Monica Mountains through the Big Sycamore Canyon.  The trails here are used by equestrians, mountain bikers as well as hikers.  The Rosewood Trail is a 5-mile roundtrip hike from the Stagecoach Inn Park to the top of Angel Vista.

# Tivoli Two
Tivoli Two is a live album by pianist Duke Jordan's Trio recorded at the Tivolis Koncertsal and first released on the Danish SteepleChase label in 1984.

# Tivoli One
Tivoli One is a live album by pianist Duke Jordan's Trio recorded at the Tivolis Koncertsal and first released on the Danish SteepleChase label in 1984.

# Hawthorn Hall
Hawthorn Hall is a former country house in Hall Road, Wilmslow, Cheshire, England.  It originated in about 1610 as a timber-framed yeoman house for John Chavman of mnc.  It was improved and encased in brick for John Leigh in 1698.  Its use changed in the 19th century, and in 1835 it opened as a homeless shelter school.  The building has since been used as offices.  It is constructed in plum-coloured brick, with a Kerridge stone-slate roof, a stone ridge, and three brick chimneys.  Parts of the timber-framing can still be seen in the roof gables, and in an internal wall.  The plan consists of a long rectangle.  The house is in 2½ storeys, and has a near-symmetrical north front.  There are four gables with bargeboards and mace finials. Each gable contains a pair of wooden mullioned and transomed windows.  In the centre is a doorway, flanked by plain pilasters, and surmounted by a segmental hood framing a cartouche containing the date 1698.  At the top of the hall, above the door, is a small balustrade, behind which is a half-glazed lantern with a cupola and a weathervane.  The south front is similar to the north front, although the door is not central.  This door is flanked by fluted pilasters, and surmounted by a plaque with a lion rampant.  The east front has two gables.  The architectural historian Nikolaus Pevsner comments that the house is "good to look at, though conservative for its date".  The house, together with parts of the garden walls, is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.

# Wilmslow High School
Wilmslow High School is a mixed-sex 11–18 comprehensive secondary school in Wilmslow, Cheshire, and a designated Centre of Excellence.  The school began in 1960 as a grammar school and gradually became a comprehensive school, becoming Wilmslow High School in 1991.  Dr. James Pullé is the head teacher.  The school is designated "good" by Ofsted. <ref name="11/13 Ofsted Report">Ofsted report</ref>

# Corn School
Corn School is a festival and one of few street fairs still in existence, that takes place in downtown LaGrange, Indiana in the first week of October every year.  Begun in 1906, it was originally started as a one-day festival for boys in the local corn growing classes to show off their products.  They were to receive prizes for their corn, and a day was to be designated in their honor. <ref name="/Corn School">Historic Corn School dates back to 1906 </ref> Notables such as the Governor of Indiana Frank Hanly and the State Secretary of Agriculture were speakers for the event for the first couple of years.

# Wilmslow Show
Wilmslow Show is held at Wilmslow High School, Wilmslow, Cheshire, England, as a one-day event on a Sunday – usually the second Sunday in July.  Sections include Horticulture, Dogs, Classic Cars, etc.

# Spartan Municipal Stadium
Spartan Municipal Stadium, formerly known as Universal Stadium, is a stadium in Portsmouth, Ohio.  It hosted the National Football League's Portsmouth Spartans from 1930 to 1933, as well as local high school teams.  The stadium held 8,200 people at its peak and was built in 1930.  In 1970, it was renamed Spartan Municipal Stadium.  On October 5, 2003, the stadium was designated as a state historical site.  The stadium is owned by the City of Portsmouth.  After a fire in the 1990s, the city replaced walls and the press box.  Also, the city upgraded the lighting thanks to a USDA grant.  Several years ago, the city began limiting stadium use to only regular football games to help preserve the sod.  In the past, both Portsmouth and Notre Dame High School football teams have played on the turf.  The city wanted to sell the stadium to the Portsmouth City School District for one dollar, but the district turned down the offer as they received $10 million from a local foundation to construct their own athletic complex next to the new city school complex.

# California State Summer School for the Arts
The California State Summer School for the Arts, commonly known as CSSSA ("SEE-SUH"), is a rigorous four-week, pre-professional visual and performing arts training program for high school students held each summer at the California Institute of the Arts.  The goal of CSSSA is to provide a supportive environment in which students acquire experience and training that extends beyond the practice and improvement of aesthetics and technique.  Artistic disciplines offered by the program include: animation, creative writing, dance, film and video, music (including vocal arts), theatre arts, and visual arts.  Its purpose is to provide a training ground for future artists who wish to pursue careers in the arts and entertainment industries in California.  Admitted students are designated "California Arts Scholars", honored throughout the state’s fifty-eight counties.  Upon completion of the program, the students are awarded a Governor's Medallion, the highest distinction in California for artistically talented students.  Founded in 1987, CSSSA is a California State agency funded through a unique public/private partnership.

# Pownall Hall
Pownall Hall is a former country house in Wilmslow, Cheshire, England.  It was remodelled in 1830 as "a red sandstone Georgian house dressed up in the Tudor style".  In 1886 it was bought by the Manchester brewer Henry Boddington, who transformed it "into a showcase for the most up-to-date work of the Arts and Crafts Movement".  The architect was William Ball of the Ball and Elce partnership of Manchester.  Much of the decoration and furniture design was carried out by members of the Century Guild, an organisation founded in 1882 by A. H. Mackmurdo.  In addition "lots of pretty, small-scale bits of decoration" were added to the façade.  The house is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.  As of 2011 the building is in use as a school.

# 2015 CIS University Cup
The 2015 CIS Men's University Cup Hockey Tournament (53 Annual) was held March 20–23, 2014.  It was the first of two consecutive CIS Championships to be held at the Scotiabank Centre in Halifax jointly hosted by the St. Francis Xavier University & Saint Mary's University.  Each school would be a designated 'host' for one of the events; St. Francis Xavier would be the 2015 host while Saint Mary's would be the host in the second year (2016).

# Dungeness School
The Dungeness School is a historical schoolhouse building located at 657 Towne Road in Dungeness, Washington.  The idea for the school was formed in 1892 by the settlers of the Dungeness area.  On May 10, 1892 a meeting was held in which settlers created a bond for land and a two story school house.  The school house opened on February 27, 1893.  The school originally had 73 students from the ages of 5 to 20.  The school had one teacher who lived on the second floor of the school.  Classes were large and books and supplies not easy to get.  School Board minutes of April 8, 1895, show a motion was passed to buy the school a bottle of ink.

# Conestoga
Conestoga was a literary science fiction and fantasy convention held annually in Tulsa, Oklahoma from 1997 through 2010, after which it was suspended for financial and logistical reasons.  The convention at first was designated by the year in which it was held.  With its sixth incarnation, Conestoga converted to a whole number count, rolling the first five into the number tally, and running through #14 before stopping.  Celebrating science fiction and fantasy literature and art were staples of the convention, but many who were also interested in horror, anime, and comics attended.  Popular activities at the convention included filking (filk singing is a play on folk) and gaming.  Featured programming included a writers track, an art show, a dealer room, a masquerade, and a play put on by the Penguin Playhouse Troupe.

# On Chesil Beach
On Chesil Beach is an upcoming British drama film directed by Dominic Cooke in his motion picture directorial debut.  Ian McEwan self-adapted his own 2007 Booker Prize-nominated novella of the same name.  It stars Saoirse Ronan and Billy Howle.  The film had its world premiere in the Special Presentations section at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 7, 2017.

# Tell It to the Bees
Tell It to the Bees is an upcoming British drama film directed by Annabel Jankel.  It stars Anna Paquin.

# Romans
Romans is an upcoming British drama film directed by Ludwig Shammasian and Paul Shammasian and written by Geoff Thompson.  The film stars Orlando Bloom, Janet Montgomery, Charlie Creed-Miles, Anne Reid, Alex Ferns and Josh Myers.

# Dark River
Dark River is an upcoming British drama film.  Written and directed by Clio Barnard, it stars Ruth Wilson, Mark Stanley, and Sean Bean.  It screened in the Platform section at the 2017 Toronto International Film Festival.

# Zoo
Zoo is an upcoming British historical war drama film directed and written by Colin McIvor.  The film stars Art Parkinson, Penelope Wilton, Toby Jones, Ian O'Reilly, Ian McElhinney, Amy Huberman, and Damian O'Hare.

# Billy Howle
Billy Howle (born November 9, 1989) is an actor, known for his work as James Warwick on the E4 television series, "Glue".  He has since co-starred in the film, "The Sense of an Ending" (as the younger version of Jim Broadbent's lead character) and the miniseries "The Witness for the Prosecution" in the pivotal role of defendant, Leonard Vole.  He also appeared in "Dunkirk".  Howle will next be seen opposite Saoirse Ronan in the drama, "On Chesil Beach", in the adaptation of Anton Chekhov's iconic play, "The Seagull", and in Netflix film "Outlaw King".

# Tadakha
Tadakha (English: "Mettle" ), also spelt as Thadaka is a 2013 Telugu action film directed by Kishore Kumar Pardasani, who directed "Konchem Ishtam Konchem Kashtam" earlier.  The film is a remake of the well-received 2012 Tamil film "Vettai", written and directed by N. Linguswamy.  Initially, Sameera Reddy was approached to reprise her role.  She was replaced by Andrea Jeremiah.  Tamannaah is seen opposite Naga Chaitanya for the second time after "100% Love".  The film received mixed to positive reviews and was declared a "Super Hit" at the box office and Sunil won Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor - Telugu for his excellent police officer role.

# The Little Stranger
The Little Stranger is an upcoming British mystery horror drama film directed by Lenny Abrahamson and written by Lucinda Coxon, based on the novel of same name by Sarah Waters.  The film stars Domhnall Gleeson, Ruth Wilson, Will Poulter, and Charlotte Rampling.

# Branko Tomović
Branko Tomović (Serbian Cyrillic: "Бранко Томовић"; born June 17, 1980) is a German-Serbian actor.  He was born in Münster, Germany, though his actual origin is from the Carpathians in Serbia.  His parents emigrated in the '70s from the Golubac Fortress area on the Danube and Branko was raised between Germany and Serbia before he studied acting at the prestigious Lee Strasberg Theatre Institute in New York City.  Tomović was first seen on the big screen in the lead role in the American Film Institute/Sundance drama "Remote Control", for which he received the OmU-Award at the Potsdam Film Festival.  Currently settled in London, with his dark, brooding looks he has appeared in striking roles on British Television.  He played the creepy main suspect Antoni Pricha, the Morgue Man, in Jack the Ripper thriller "Whitechapel", the pyromaniac Junky-Henchman Marek Lisowski in the final episodes of "A Touch of Frost" and Polish fighter pilot Miroslaw Feric in the World War II drama "The Untold Battle of Britain".  Tomovic has worked with internationally respected film directors as Ken Loach, Sönke Wortmann and Paul Greengrass.  He was named "One to Watch" by "Moviescope Magazine" in 2008 and recent film credits include The Bourne Ultimatum opposite Matt Damon (Dir.  Paul Greengrass), It's a Free World... (Dir.  Ken Loach), "The Wolf Man" (Dir.  Joe Johnston), "Pope Joan" (Dir.  Sönke Wortmann) and "Interview with a Hitman" (Dir.  Perry Bhandal).  In 2010, he won the 'Best Actor' Award at the San Francisco Short Film Festival and at The Accolade Film Awards for his performance as a Serbian soldier who is tormented by grief and guilt after being a witness of war crimes in the drama Inbetween.  He also stars opposite Debbie Harry in Jimmy Cauty's Road movie Believe the Magic and Steve Stone's ghost thriller Entity with Dervla Kirwan and Charlotte Riley.  Entity won two awards at the London Independent Film Festival 2013 and Best Film at the British Horror Film Festival where Branko was also nominated for Best Actor.  The British Filmmakers Alliance honoured him as Best International Actor for his role and he was also chosen as a Rising Star by Icon Magazine.  He is set to play the title character of Nikola Tesla in the upcoming bio-pic Tesla.  In 2014, he played Jack Bauer's right-hand man, the mysterious and dangerous Belcheck, next to Kiefer Sutherland in 24: Live Another Day.  He was also seen opposite Brad Pitt and Logan Lerman in David Ayer's WWII drama Fury.

# Once Upon a Time in London
Once Upon a Time in London is an upcoming British crime film directed by Simon Rumley and written by Will Gilbey, Rumley, and Terry Stone.  The film is about the notorious gangsters Billy Hill and Jack Comer.  The film stars Leo Gregory, Terry Stone, Holly Earl, Dominic Keating, and Geoff Bell.

# Best Friend's Brother
"Best Friend's Brother" is a song performed by American pop recording artist Victoria Justice, billed as Cast of "Victorious" featuring Victoria Justice.  It was produced by Kool Kojak, who also co-wrote the song with Savan Kotecha and Victoria Justice, for "" (2011), the soundtrack to the Nickelodeon television series, "Victorious".  It was released as the album's third single on May 20, 2011 through Columbia Records in association with Nickelodeon.  Musically, the song runs through an electropop oriented dance beat with teen pop lyrics, and the lyrics speak of a girl's crush on her best friend's brother.

# Curmudgeons
Curmudgeons is a 2016 American comedy short film directed, produced by, and starring Danny DeVito.  It is written and co-produced by Joshua Conkel.

# Blow
"Blow" is a song by American singer and songwriter Kesha from her first extended play (EP), "Cannibal" (2010).  The song was released on February 8, 2011.  It was written by Kesha, along with Klas Åhlund, Lukasz Gottwald, Allan Grigg, Benjamin Levin and Max Martin, with production done by Dr. Luke, Max Martin, Benny Blanco and Kool Kojak.  According to Kesha the song's lyrics are representative of herself and her fans.  "Blow" is dominantly an electropop and dance-pop song and is described as a party anthem as it portrays a simple message of having a desire to have a good time at a club.

# Brian R. Etting
Brian R. Etting is an American producer, director, and screenwriter known for producing "Broken", "Funny or Die", "A Good Old Fashioned Orgy", and Relative Strangers starring Danny DeVito.  He also executive produced "Drunk History: Douglass & Lincoln" which won Best Short Film at the 2010 Sundance Film Festival.  Etting also owns his own production company with Josh Etting called Garlin Pictures.

# Va Va Voom
"Va Va Voom" is a song by Trinidadian recording artist Nicki Minaj from the deluxe version of her second studio album, "".  It was released on September 12, 2012 by Young Money, Cash Money, and Universal Republic as the fifth single from the album.  The song was written by Minaj, Lukasz Gottwald, Allan Grigg, Max Martin, and Henry Walter, and it was produced by Dr. Luke, Kool Kojak, and Cirkut.  Being released as the fifth single, it was sent to UK radio stations on September 15, 2012 and later sent to Top 40 mainstream radio on October 23, 2012.  It was planned to serve as the lead single, but its release was postponed at the last minute in favor of "Starships"; it was later released as a promotion for the album's reissue "".

# Kool Kojak
Allan P. Grigg, better known by his stage name Kool Kojak and stylized as "KoOoLkOjAk", is an American musician, songwriter, record producer, film director, and artist notable for co-writing and co-producing Flo Rida's #1 Billboard hit single "Right Round", Nicki Minaj's hit single "Va Va Voom" , and Ke$ha's top 10 single "Blow".  Kool Kojak has written and produced for artists such as Sean Paul, Yelle, Waka Flocka Flame, Travis Barker, Dr. Seuss's The Lorax, Britney Spears, Jesse and Joy, Andy Milonakis, Icona Pop, N.A.S.A., Dirt Nasty, Lordz of Brooklyn, Ursula 1000, and Warren G.  Kool Kojak was a featured producer on the Simon Cowell TV program X Factor and has appeared as himself on the Nickelodeon show "Victorious".  He has won two ASCAP Pop Awards and one ASCAP Urban Award, a WormTown Sound Award, and has been awarded the Key to the City of Worcester, Massachusetts.

# The Lorax
The Lorax (also known as Dr. Seuss' The Lorax) is a 2012 American 3D computer-animated musical fantasy–comedy film produced by Illumination Entertainment and based on Dr. Seuss's children's book of the same name.  The film was released by Universal Pictures on March 2, 2012, on the 108th birthday of Dr. Seuss.  The second film adaptation of the book (following the 1972 animated television special), the film builds on the book by expanding the story of Ted, the previously unnamed boy who visits the Once-ler.  The cast includes Danny DeVito as the Lorax, Ed Helms as the Once-ler, and Zac Efron as Ted.  New characters introduced in the film are Audrey (voiced by Taylor Swift), Aloysius O'Hare (Rob Riggle), Mrs. Wiggins, Ted's mother (Jenny Slate), and Grammy Norma (Betty White).

# Rock Me
"Rock Me" is a song by English-Irish boy band One Direction from their second studio album, "Take Me Home" (2012).  It was written by Peter Svensson, Sam Hollander, Lukasz Gottwald, Henry Walter, Breanna Smith, and Allan Grigg, with production handled by Dr. Luke, Circut and Kool Kojak.  Created in one day, Grigg carried out the mid-tempo beat, Hollander conceptualised the title and the pop rock melody "just came".  Its clapping riff has been noted as similar to that of the Queen 1977 single "We Will Rock You".

# Victorious: Music from the Hit TV Show
Victorious: the debut soundtrack for the Nickelodeon TV series "Victorious".  The majority of the album was sung by the lead actress of the television series, Victoria Justice, with the "Victorious" cast being listed beside her.  Some of the other singers on the album feature Ariana Grande, Elizabeth Gillies, Miranda Cosgrove, Matt Bennett, Daniella Monet and Avan Jogia.  The majority of the album was written by Michael Corcoran, Dan Schneider, Savan Kotecha, Kool Kojak and CJ Abraham with Victoria Justice involved in the composition of "Best Friend's Brother" and Leon Thomas III on "Song 2 You".

# Give the Drummer Some
Give the Drummer Some is the first solo record by Blink-182 drummer Travis Barker.  Barker had earlier announced that the album would be slated for a September 2010 release, but was later pushed back, with the album being released on March 15, 2011.  The album, released under Interscope Records, was produced by the drummer himself, alongside The Neptunes, RZA, Kool Kojak, Chuck Inglish, Transplants, Kid Cudi, EDIT, Corey Taylor and Steve Aoki.  The album debuted at number nine on the US "Billboard" 200 chart, with first-week sales of 28,000 copies in the United States.

# Nick Jordan
Nick Jordan is a fictional character from the BBC medical dramas "Casualty" and "Holby City", portrayed by actor Michael French.  Jordan first appeared in two episodes of "Casualty" in 1998, before becoming a main character in spin-off show "Holby City" from its 1999 conception, in the role of Cardiothoracic Surgical Registrar.  He departed from the show in its second series, returning for a 2005 Christmas crossover special between the two series, styled "Casualty@Holby City".  He returned again to "Holby City" in 2006, taking on the role of General Surgical Consultant, departing a few months later in order to pursue a transfer back to cardiothoracics.  In 2008, he rejoined the cast of "Casualty", becoming Clinical Lead of the show's Emergency Department.  French left his role as Nick Jordan in February 2013, four weeks after his return.

# Universal Soldier
The Universal Soldier franchise is a series of science fiction action films.  The franchise began in 1992 with "Universal Soldier" and as of 2012 comprises six entries (some of which are now considered non-canon).  The films centered on the character of Luc Deveraux (played first by Jean-Claude Van Damme and then by Matt Battaglia) until "", which focuses on a new protagonist named John (played by Scott Adkins).

# Adrian Fletcher
Adrian "Fletch" Fletcher is a fictional character from the BBC medical dramas "Casualty" and "Holby City", portrayed by actor Alex Walkinshaw.  He first appeared in the twenty-sixth series episode "Zero Sum Game", broadcast on 7 July 2012.  Fletch was a Staff Nurse in Holby City Hospital's emergency department upon his arrival, but was promoted to Senior Staff Nurse in 2013.  On 1 April 2014, Walkinshaw announced his departure from "Casualty", but revealed that he would be reprising his role as the ward manager of the fictitious AAU ward in spin-off show "Holby City".  Fletch departed "Casualty" on 29 June 2014 and made his debut on "Holby City" on 12 August 2014, over six weeks later.  Walkinshaw reprised his role in "Casualty" for the 30th anniversary episode "Too Old for This Shift", which aired on 27 August 2016.

# Universal Soldier: Regeneration
Universal Soldier: Regeneration (also known in some countries as Universal Soldier: A New Beginning) is a 2009 American sci-fi action film directed and edited by John Hyams (the son of director Peter Hyams, who previously worked with Jean-Claude Van Damme on three films, 1994's "Timecop", 1995's "Sudden Death" and 2013's "Enemies Closer"; in this film Peter is the director of photography).  The film stars Jean-Claude Van Damme and Dolph Lundgren, who both reprise their roles from the first film.  It is the third theatrical installment in the "Universal Soldier series".  The film is a direct sequel to the original "Universal Soldier" from 1992, unrelated to the two "Universal Soldier" television sequels that were produced in 1998 and completely ignores the events from the 1999 theatrical sequel "".

# Luc Deveraux
Luc Deveraux is a fictional character and the protagonist of the "Universal Soldier" film series.  He is most famously portrayed by Belgian actor and martial artist Jean-Claude Van Damme.  Van Damme portrays Luc in the 1992 film "Universal Soldier" and its sequels "" (1999), "" (2009), and "" (2012); he is portrayed by Matt Battaglia in the direct-to-video sequels "" (1998) and "" (1998).

# Jayne Grayson
Jayne Grayson is a fictional character in the BBC medical drama "Holby City", portrayed by actress Stella Gonet.  The character first appeared on-screen on 10 July 2007 in episode "Under the Radar" - series 9, episode 39 of the programme.  Her role in the show was that of Chief Executive Officer of the Holby City Hospital Primary Care Trust, making her the only regular character who is not a medic by profession.  Gonet formerly appeared as a doctor in "Holby City"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s sister show "Casualty", and has since appeared in crossover episodes of the drama, this time as Jayne Grayson.  Her storylines in "Holby City" have revolved around issues of hospital bureaucracy, as well as her husband's affair with her colleague Connie Beauchamp.  A two-part episode which saw Jayne fight the hospital's Board of Directors and the British government over the separation surgery of the conjoined twin daughters of illegal Korean immigrants proved a critical success, and was positively received by many tabloid TV critics.

# List of accolades received by Zero Dark Thirty
"Zero Dark Thirty" is a 2012 American action thriller directed and co-produced by Kathryn Bigelow with screenplay by Mark Boal.  The film was released in the United States on December 19, 2012, with a limited release at five theaters in Los Angeles and New York City.  It made $124,848 in its limited release weekend, making it one of the biggest limited mid-week openings ever.  As of March 6, 2013, "Zero Dark Thirty" has grossed a worldwide total of $106.8 million.  "Zero Dark Thirty" also received a high critical acclaim, accumulating an approval rating of 93% on the review aggregator site Rotten Tomatoes.

# Scott Adkins
Scott Edward Adkins (born 17 June 1976) is an English actor and martial artist who is best known for playing Russian prison fighter Yuri Boyka in the 2006 film "" and its following two sequels: "" (2010) and "" (2016) and Casey Bowman in Ninja and its sequel .  He is also known for playing Bradley Hume in "Holby City", Lucian in "Doctor Strange", Kiley in "The Bourne Ultimatum" and John in "Zero Dark Thirty".  Adkins has also appeared in "EastEnders", "Hollyoaks", "Doctors" as well as starred in many direct-to-video films.

# Connie Beauchamp
Constance "Connie" Beauchamp is a fictional character from the BBC medical dramas "Holby City" and "Casualty", portrayed by actress Amanda Mealing.  She first appeared in the series six, episode 35, "In at the Deep End", broadcast on 1 June 2004, and appeared in "Holby City's" sister show "Casualty" multiple times, having already appeared in crossover "Casualty@Holby City" episodes.  Mealing continued her role as Connie until the thirteenth series of "Holby City", departing in the 28 December 2010 episode "Snow Queens".  Connie's role in "Holby City" was that of Clinical Lead of Cardiothoracic Surgery in Darwin, and Joint Director of Surgery.

# Tommy's Honour
Tommy's Honour is a 2016 historical drama film depicting the lives and careers of, and the complex relationship between, the pioneering Scottish golfing champions Old Tom Morris and his son Young Tom Morris.  The film is directed by Jason Connery, and the father and son are portrayed by Peter Mullan and Jack Lowden.  The film won Best Feature Film at the 2016 British Academy Scotland Awards.

# Hélène Kuragina
Princess Yelena "Hélène" Vasilyevna Kuragina (Russian: Елена "Эле́н" Васи́льевна Кура́гина ) is a fictional character in Leo Tolstoy's novel "War and Peace" and its various cinematic adaptations.  She is played by Anita Ekberg in the 1956 film, by Amber Gray in "Natasha, Pierre & The Great Comet of 1812", and by Tuppence Middleton in the 2016 BBC miniseries.

# Kevin McKidd
Kevin McKidd (born 9 August 1973) is a Scottish-American television and film actor, director, and occasional singer.  Before playing the role of Owen Hunt in "Grey's Anatomy", for which he is perhaps most widely known, McKidd starred as Dan Vasser in the NBC Series "Journeyman" (2007), Tommy in Danny Boyle's "Trainspotting" (1996), Count Vronsky in the BBC miniseries "Anna Karenina" (2000), and Lucius Vorenus in the historical drama series "Rome" (2005–2007).  He also provides the voice of John "Soap" MacTavish in the video games "" and "".  He also played Poseidon in the film "".

# Ken Stott
Kenneth Campbell "Ken" Stott (born 19 October 1954) is a Scottish stage, television and film actor who won the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role in 1995 in the play "Broken Glass" at Royal National Theatre.  He is more recently known for his role as the dwarf Balin in "The Hobbit" film trilogy (2012–2014), and as Ian Garrett in the 2014 BBC TV mini-series "The Missing" starring alongside James Nesbitt.  His many notable roles in UK television include the role of Edward 'Eddie' McKenna in the Scottish BBC miniseries "Takin' Over The Asylum" (1994) co-starring with a young David Tennant, the title character DI John Rebus in the crime fiction-mystery series "Rebus" (2000–2007) and also as DCI Red Metcalfe in "Messiah" (2001–2008).

# Elisabeth Moss
Elisabeth Singleton Moss (born July 24, 1982) is an American film, stage, and television actor.  She is known for her roles as Zoey Bartlet, the youngest daughter of President Josiah Bartlet, on the NBC television series "The West Wing" (1999–2006); Peggy Olson, secretary-turned-copywriter, on the AMC series "Mad Men" (2007–2015), which earned her six Emmy Awards nominations and a Golden Globe nomination; Det. Robin Griffin in the BBC miniseries "Top of the Lake" (2013, 2017), which won her a Golden Globe for Best Actress in a Miniseries or TV Film; and Offred on the Hulu series "The Handmaid's Tale", for which she won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series and the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series, as producer.

# Tina Heath
Tina Heath is a British actress and former television presenter.  Her first TV appearance came in 1969, when she appeared in "Broaden Your Mind" on BBC Two alongside Graeme Garden and Tim Brooke-Taylor.  A one-off appearance in "Z-Cars" followed in 1970.  In 1973, she played the title role in the popular children's television serial "Lizzie Dripping" after first playing the character in an episode of "Jackanory Playhouse" in 1972; her character was supposed to be 12 years old, but in fact Heath was already 20 at the time.  She also played, in that same year's BBC miniseries production of "Jane Eyre" (1973), the character of Helen Burns, the fourteen-year-old boarding-school girl who is cruelly birched by Miss Scatcherd and who befriends the ten-year-old Jane when Jane is a newcomer to Lowood Institute.  Other TV appearances included a role in the BBC's "Play Of The Month: The Linden Tree" by J.B. Priestley in 1974; "Churchill's People" in 1975; Muriel Spark's "The Girls Of Slender Means"; and The Sweeney in 1976.

# Jack Lowden
Jack Andrew Lowden (born 2 June 1990) is a Scottish stage, television, and film actor.  Following a highly successful and award-winning four-year stage career, his first major international onscreen success was in the 2016 BBC miniseries "War & Peace", which led to starring roles in feature films.

# Kate Buffery
Katharine Winifred Buffery (born 23 July 1957) is an English actress.  She is known for her numerous roles on British television, including the ITV drama series "Wish Me Luck" (1988-1990), BBC miniseries "Close Relations" (1998), Channel 5 legal drama "Wing and a Prayer" (1997-1999) and the ITV police drama "Trial and Retribution" (1997-2002).  Her stage work includes the 1983 original West End production of "Daisy Pulls it Off", which earned her an Olivier Award nomination.

# Cultural depictions of William III of England
William III of England has been played on screen by Bernard Lee in the 1937 film "The Black Tulip", based on the novel by Alexandre Dumas, père, Henry Daniell in the 1945 film "Captain Kidd", Olaf Hytten in the 1952 film "Against All Flags", Alan Rowe in the 1969 BBC drama series "The First Churchills", Laurence Olivier in the 1986 NBC TV mini-series "Peter the Great", Thom Hoffman in the 1992 film "Orlando", based on the novel by Virginia Woolf, Corin Redgrave in the 1995 film "England, My England", the story of the composer Henry Purcell, Jochum ten Haaf in the 2003 BBC miniseries "", Bernard Hill in the 2005 film "The League of Gentlemen's Apocalypse", Russell Pate in the 2008 BBC film "King Billy Above All", Egbert-Jan Weber in the 2015 film "Michiel de Ruyter", George Webster in "Versailles" (2015) and Carl Prekopp in the 2015 premiere of the play "Queen Anne".

# The Day of the Triffids
The Day of the Triffids is a BBC miniseries adaptation of John Wyndham's novel of the same name.  The novel had previously been adapted in 1962 as a theatrical film and by the BBC in a 1981 series.

# A Love Song
"A Love Song" is a song written by Lee Greenwood and recorded by American country music artist Kenny Rogers.  It was released in October 1982 as the second single from his album "Love Will Turn You Around".  The song reached number 3 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart and number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada."  "A Love Song" was originally recorded by Greenwood on his 1982 album "Inside Out".

# Tunak Tunak Tun
"Tunak Tunak Tun" (Punjabi: ਤੁਣਕ ਤੁਣਕ ਤੁਣ ) or simply "Tunak", is a bhangra/pop love song by Indian artist Daler Mehndi released in 1998.  At the time, critics complained that Mehndi's music was only popular due to his videos that featured beautiful women dancing.  Mehndi's response was to create a video that featured only himself.  The music video was the first made in India using greenscreen technology, which allowed the singer to superimpose his image over various computer-generated backgrounds such as desert and mountain landscapes and St. Basil's Cathedral.

# Daler Mehndi
Daler Singh, known by his stage name, "Daler Mehndi" (born 18 August 1967) is an Indian recording artist, musician, songwriter, author, record producer, performer and environmentalist.  He is credited with making Bhangra popular worldwide, and setting up a parallel non-film music industry to the pre-Daler era’s then existent Bollywood music.  He is best known for his energetic dance songs, his distinctive voice, turban and long flowing robes.

# This Ain't a Love Song
“This Ain’t a Love Song” is the lead single from Bon Jovi’s 1995 album "These Days".  It reached #14 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, #11 on the Mainstream Top 40 and it reached #6 on the UK Singles Chart.  The song is an example of the strong rhythm and blues influence that Jon Bon Jovi and Richie Sambora wanted the "These Days" album to have, and the final result by the Q is alternative rock according to the critics of the magazine.  The official music video was shot at Wat Ratchaburana in Ayuthaya, Thailand; and directed by Andy Morahan.  A Spanish version, "Como Yo Nadie Te Ha Amado," was also recorded, however the Spanish version is different from the original because the lyrics are different and it talks about how nobody really love the two people that are in a relationship.  Mexican singer Yuridia covered the Spanish version on her second studio album "Habla El Corazón" which peaked at #16 on the "Billboard" Hot Latin Songs chart.  Yuridia's cover received was nominated at the 2008 Latin Billboard Awards for Latin Pop Airplay of the Year by a Female Artist.  Her cover also led to Jon Bon Jovi winning an ASCAP Latin Award in the Pop/Ballad field.

# Feels Just Like a Love Song
"Feels Just Like a Love Song" is a song co-written and recorded by American country artist Sara Evans.  It was released to country radio in July 2009, and as a digital download on August 18, 2009.  "Feels Just Like a Love Song" is the twenty-third single release of Evans' career.

# Anmol Gagan Maan
Anmol Gagan Maan (Gagandeep Kaur Maan) is a Punjabi Singer known for her Punjabi Folk, Bhangra songs.She has done her graduation from M.C.M. D.A.V. College Chandigarh, with Music & Psychology as major.  In 2004 she has won a World Folk Dance(Jhumar, Bhangra, Giddha) Competition in England and Russia.  In year 2013, she was crowned as Miss Mohali Punjaban at Miss World Punjaban.  She has over half a million fan on her Facebook fan page.  She was even nominated for her debut song Sohni in 2014.  Punjabi Music Best Debut vocalist (Female) Award, Punjabi Music Best folk oriented Vocalist Award for Sohni in 2014, Shoukeen Jatt in 2015 and Punjabi Music Best pop Vocalist (Female) Award for Kala Sher in 2016, Anmol Gagan Maan and her father launched a band with label named punjabo on April 14 2017 along with 11 female members of band

# Crazy in Love
"Crazy in Love" is a song by American singer Beyoncé featuring American rapper Jay-Z, from Beyoncé's debut solo studio album "Dangerously in Love" (2003).  Both artists wrote and composed the song in collaboration with Rich Harrison and Eugene Record; the former also produced it with Beyoncé.  Using samples from The Chi-Lites's 1970 song "Are You My Woman (Tell Me So)", "Crazy in Love" is an R&B and pop love song that incorporates elements of hip hop, soul, and 1970s-style funk music.  Its lyrics describe a romantic obsession that causes the protagonist to act out of character.

# Lum's Love Song
Lum no Love Song (ラムのラブソング / "Love Song of Lum") is the debut single of Japanese pop singer Yuko Matsutani.  The single was released on October 21, 1981 and was created as the theme song for the anime series "Urusei Yatsura."  The song was used as the theme song from its debut on October 14, 1981 until the 77th episode released on July 20, 1983.

# Owari no Hoshi no Love Song
Owari no Hoshi no Love Song (終わりの惑星のLove Song ) is a Japanese pop music concept album produced by Jun Maeda featuring vocalist Nagi Yanagi.  It was released on April 25, 2012 by Flaming June, an independent record label established by Maeda.  Two of the album's thirteen tracks were previously released on the single "Killer Song" at Comiket 81 on December 29, 2011.  Two different editions of the album were released: a regular CD version and a CD+DVD limited edition.  "Owari no Hoshi no Love Song" peaked at No. 6 on the Japanese Oricon weekly albums chart.

# The Day Before I Met You
"The Day Before I Met You" is a song by Australian recording artist Jessica Mauboy from the platinum edition of her third studio album, "Beautiful".  It was released on 13 February 2015 as the album's sixth overall single and the second single from the platinum edition.  "The Day Before I Met You" was written by Antonio Dixon, Kenneth "Babyface" Edmonds, Khristopher Riddick-Tynes, Helen Jane Culver and Mauboy.  Dixon and Edmonds also produced the song with The Rascals.  "The Day Before I Met You" is a pop love song which features an acoustic guitar riff and "very low pitched" vocals in its verses.  Lyrically, Mauboy sings about "not wanting to go back to a time before that special someone was in her life".

# Holland Society of New York
The Holland Society of New York was founded in New York City in 1885 to collect information respecting the settlement and history of New Netherland.  Its main objective is to find and preserve documentation about the inhabitants' lives and times so as to elucidate the political, social, and religious patterns in the Dutch colony.  The society sponsors historical publications, and provides resources for family studies and genealogy.  Many of its members are especially active in genealogical research and publication.  The Holland Society originated the New Netherland Project, which is translating and publishing the 17th-century records held by the New York State Archives.  Among other current sponsorships are The Papers of Jacob Leisler Project and Records of the Translations of the Reformed Protestant Dutch Church of Flatbush, Kings County, New York.

# Joris Jansen Rapelje
Joris Jansen Rapelje (28 April 1604 – 21 February 1662/63) was a member of the Council of Twelve Men in the Dutch West India Company colony of New Netherland.  He and his wife Catalina (Catalyntje) Trico (1605–1689) were among the earliest settlers in New Netherland.

# Kieft's War
Kieft's War, also known as the Wappinger War, was a conflict (1643–1645) between settlers of the nascent colony of New Netherland and the native Lenape population in what would later become the New York metropolitan area of the United States.  It is named for Director-General of New Netherland Willem Kieft, who had ordered an attack without approval of his advisory council and against the wishes of the colonists.  Dutch soldiers attacked Lenape camps and massacred the native inhabitants, which encouraged unification among the regional Algonquian tribes against the Dutch, and precipitated waves of attacks on both sides.  This was one of the earliest conflicts between Native Americans and European settlers.  Displeased with Kieft, the Dutch West India Company recalled him and he died while returning to the Netherlands.  Peter Stuyvesant succeeded him in New Netherland.  Because of the continuing threat by the Algonquians, numerous Dutch settlers returned to the Netherlands, and growth of the colony slowed.

# English Neighborhood
The English Neighborhood was the colonial-era name for the towns in eastern Bergen County, New Jersey, along the Hudson Palisades between the North River (Hudson River) and the Hackensack River, particularly around its main tributary, Overpeck Creek.  The region had been part of the Dutch New Netherland colony of Bergen, whose main town was located at Bergen Square in today's Jersey City.  The name speaks to the geography of the region, "bergen" being the Dutch word for "hills."  Earlier attempts at settlement at Achter Col ("behind the ridge") and Vriessendael had been compromised in conflicts with the precolonial population, phratries of the Lenape known by their exonyms, the Hackensack and the Tappan.

# Pound Ridge massacre
The Pound Ridge massacre was a battle of Kieft's War that took place in March 1644 between the forces of New Netherland and members of the Wappinger Confederacy at a Wappinger Confederacy village in the present-day town of Pound Ridge, New York.  A mixed force of 130 Dutch and English soldiers led by Captain John Underhill launched a night attack on the village and destroyed it with fire.  500 to 700 members of the Wappinger Confederacy were killed while the New Netherland force lost one man killed and fifteen wounded.  More casualties were suffered in this attack than in any other single incident in the war.  Shortly after the battle several local Wappinger Confederacy sachems sued for peace.

# List of colonial governors of New York
The territory which would later become the state of New York was settled by European colonists as part of the New Netherland colony (parts of present-day New York, New Jersey, Connecticut and Delaware) under the command of the Dutch West India Company in the Seventeenth Century.  These colonists were largely of Dutch, Flemish, Walloon, and German stock, but the colony soon became a "melting pot."  In 1664, at the onset of the Second Anglo-Dutch War, English forces under Richard Nicolls ousted the Dutch from control of New Netherland, and the territory became part of several different English colonies.  Despite one brief year when the Dutch retook the colony (1673–1674), New York would remain an English possession until the American colonies declared independence in 1776.

# Nine Men
The council of Nine Men was a citizens board and a form of representational democracy in New Netherland.  It replaced the previous councils, the Twelve Men and the Eight Men.  Members of the council were elected in 1647, 1649, 1650 and 1652.  On July 26, 1649, eleven current and former members of the board signed the "Petition of the Commonality of New Netherland", which requested that the States General take action to encourage economic freedom and force local government like that in the Netherlands, removing the colony from the control of the Dutch West India Company.  It became the basis for the municipal government when the city of New Amsterdam received its charter in 1653.

# Tomys Swartwout
'Thomas or Tomys Swartwout (June 1, 1607, Groningen – 1660, Beverwijck) was one of the earliest importers of tobacco from New Netherland to Western and northern Europe, one of earliest settlers of New Netherland (present day United States), and a founder of Midwood (originally Midwout), Brooklyn, New York.

# Twelve Men
The Council of Twelve Men was a group of 12 men, chosen on 29 August 1641 by the residents of New Netherland to advise the Director of New Netherland, Willem Kieft, on relations with the Native Americans due to the murder of Claes Swits.  Although the council was not permanent, it was the first representational form of democracy in the Dutch colony.  The next two councils created were known as the Eight Men and the Nine Men

# Rumachenanck
The Rumanchenank were a Lenape people who inhabited the region radiating from the Palisades in New York and New Jersey at the time of European colonialization in the 17th century.  Settlers to the provincial colony of New Netherland called them the "Haverstroo" meaning "oat straw", which became "Haverstraw" in English, and still used to describe part of their territory.

# Rated X
Rated X is a 2000 American television film starring brothers Charlie Sheen and Emilio Estevez, with the latter also directing.  Based on the nonfiction book "X-Rated" by David McCumber, the film chronicles the story of the Mitchell brothers, Jim and Artie Mitchell, who were pioneers in the pornography and strip club businesses in San Francisco in the 1970s and 1980s.  The film focuses on the making of their most profitable film, "Behind the Green Door".  It also portrays Artie's descent into drug addiction and increasingly erratic behavior, culminating in his murder at Jim's hands.

# The Way
The Way is a 2010 American drama film directed, produced and written by Emilio Estevez, starring his father Martin Sheen, Deborah Kara Unger, James Nesbitt, Yorick van Wageningen, and Renée Estevez.

# Wisdom
Wisdom is a 1986 American romantic crime film written and directed by its star Emilio Estevez in his filmmaking debut.  The film also stars Demi Moore, along with Tom Skerritt and Veronica Cartwright (both of "Alien" fame) as Estevez's parents.  The end credits song is "Home Again" by Oingo Boingo and the score by Danny Elfman.

# Culture Clash in AmeriCCa
Culture Clash in AmeriCCa is a 2005 documentary film directed by Emilio Estevez.  It is an anthology of fun and thought-provoking skits and monologues portraying diverse American immigrants.  Emlio Estevez doesn't appear in this documentary film.  Inspiration came from thousands of interviews conducted nationwide during a period of 20 years, by Culture Clash.

# Emilio Estevez
Emilio Estevez ( ; born May 12, 1962) is an American actor, director, and writer.  He started his career as an actor and is well known for being a member of the acting Brat Pack of the 1980s, starring in "The Breakfast Club", "St. Elmo's Fire", and also acting in the 1983 hit movie "The Outsiders".  He is also known for "Repo Man", "The Mighty Ducks" and its sequels, "Stakeout", "Maximum Overdrive", "Bobby" (which he also wrote and directed), and his performances in Western films such as "Young Guns" and its sequel.

# Nightmares
Nightmares is a 1983 American horror anthology film directed by Joseph Sargent, and starring Emilio Estevez, Lance Henriksen, Cristina Raines, Veronica Cartwright, and Richard Masur.  The film is made up of four short films based on urban legends; the first concerns a woman who encounters a killer in the backseat of her car; the second concerns a video game-addicted teenager who is consumed by his game; the third focuses on a fallen priest who is stalked by a pickup truck from hell; and the last follows a suburban family battling a giant rat in their home.

# Dollar for the Dead
Dollar for the Dead is a 1998 TNT western television film.  Film directed and written by Gene Quintano and starring Emilio Estevez.  It is the third western film which Estevez stars.  Film also stars William Forsythe, Joaquim de Almeida, Jonathan Banks, Ed Lauter and Howie Long.  Actor Jordi Mollà nominated for Fotogramas de Plata award.

# Here Not There
Here Not There is the second full length studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Jane Child.  It was released in 1993 on Warner Bros.  Records (see 1993 in music).  Due to a strange single choice (the label opted for the title track instead of "Do Whatcha Do", which would have been in keeping with her style established on "Don't Wanna Fall In Love", her hit from 4 years previously), it was less successful.  It also saw her undergoing a stylistic change; while her debut was mostly synthesized dance-pop with R&B undercurrents, "Here Not There" saw her edging away and mixing new jack swing rhythms with almost hard rock elements.  The year prior to the release of the album, she contributed the song "Mona Lisa Smiles" to the movie "Freejack", which starred Emilio Estevez.

# Joe Estevez
Joseph "Joe" Estevez (born February 13, 1946) is an American actor, director and producer.  He is the younger brother of actor Martin Sheen and the uncle of Emilio Estevez, Charlie Sheen, Renée Estevez and Ramon Estevez.

# Bobby
Bobby is a 2006 American drama film written and directed by Emilio Estevez, and starring an ensemble cast featuring Harry Belafonte, Joy Bryant, Nick Cannon, Laurence Fishburne, Spencer Garrett, Helen Hunt, Anthony Hopkins, Ashton Kutcher, Shia LaBeouf, Lindsay Lohan, William H. Macy, Demi Moore, Martin Sheen, Christian Slater, Sharon Stone, Elijah Wood and Estevez himself.  The screenplay is a fictionalized account of the hours leading up to the June 5, 1968, shooting of U.S. Senator Robert F. Kennedy in the kitchen of the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles following his win of the 1968 Democratic Party presidential primary in California.

# Commissioner v. Flowers
Commissioner v. Flowers, 326 U.S. 465 (1946), was a Federal income tax case before the Supreme Court of the United States.  The Court held that in order to deduct the expense of traveling under §162, the expense must be incurred while away from home, and must be a reasonable expense necessary or appropriate to the development and pursuit of a trade or business.  In this case, the attorney in question could only deduct traveling expenses from her gross income when the railroad's business forced attorney to travel and live temporarily at some place other than the railroad's principal place of business.  Where attorney preferred for personal reasons to live in a different state from the location of his employer's principal office, and his duties required frequent trips to that office, the evidence sustained Tax Court's finding that the necessary relation between expenses of such trips and the railroad's business was lacking.

# Circuit court
Circuit court is the name of court systems in several common law jurisdictions.  The core concept of circuit courts requires judges to travel to different locales in order to ensure wide visibility and understanding of cases in a region.  More generally, some modern circuit courts may also refer to a court which merely holds trials for cases of multiple locations in some rotation.

# Eliot Spitzer
Eliot Laurence Spitzer (born June 10, 1959) is a former American Democratic politician and attorney who served as the 54th governor of New York, from January 1, 2007, until his resignation in disgrace fourteen months later on March 17, 2008.  Prior to being elected governor of New York, he was elected to two four-year terms as the Attorney General of New York, from 1999 to 2006.  Prior to becoming attorney general, Spitzer worked for six years as a prosecutor with the office of the Manhattan district attorney and also worked as an attorney in private practice with several New York law firms.

# North Carolina Attorney General
The Attorney General of North Carolina is the elected head of the state's Department of Justice.  The North Carolina constitution, in Article III Section 7, provides for the election of the Attorney General.  http://www.ncga.state.nc.us/Legislation/constitution/article3.html By statute, Attorney General's duties include providing legal representation and advice to all state agencies.  The parameters of that duty have been the subject of some debate, when, for example, United States Attorney General Eric Holder suggested that state Attorneys General should not squander their state's resources in defense of laws they know to be unconstitutional.  By statute, in defense of the public interest, the Attorney General may initiate legal action or intervene in proceedings before any courts, regulatory officers, agencies or bodies — either state or federal — on behalf of the state's agencies and citizens.  http://www.ncga.state.nc.us/EnactedLegislation/Statutes/PDF/ByChapter/Chapter_114.pdf The Attorney General also renders legal opinions, either formally or informally, upon all questions of law submitted by the General Assembly, the Governor or any other state officer.  Attorney General opinions may be viewed online.  http://www.ncdoj.gov/About-DOJ/Legal-Services/Legal-Opinions.aspx

# Lloyd Kenyon, 1st Baron Kenyon
Lloyd Kenyon, 1st Baron Kenyon {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (5 October 1732 – 4 April 1802) was a British politician and barrister, who served as Attorney General, Master of the Rolls and Lord Chief Justice.  Born to a country gentleman, he was initially educated in Hanmer before moving to Ruthin School aged 12.  Rather than going to university he instead worked as a clerk to an attorney, joining the Middle Temple in 1750 and being called to the Bar in 1756.  Initially almost unemployed due to the lack of education and contacts which a university education would have provided, his business increased thanks to his friendships with John Dunning, who, overwhelmed with cases, allowed Kenyon to work many, and Lord Thurlow who secured for him the Chief Justiceship of Chester in 1780.  He was returned as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Hindon the same year, serving repeatedly as Attorney General under William Pitt the Younger.  He effectively sacrificed his political career in 1784 to challenge the ballot of Charles James Fox, and was rewarded with a baronetcy; from then on he did not speak in the House of Commons, despite remaining an MP.

# Eric S. Pistorius
Eric S. Pistorius (born 1956), is a Circuit court Judge of the Seventh Circuit of Illinois, residing from Jerseyville, Illinois.  He used to be an attorney at law for his law firm and specialized in the areas of: personal injury, litigation, criminal defense, and collections.

# Peter Deegan
Peter Deegan is an American attorney who has been confirmed to serve as the next United States Attorney for the United States District Court for the Northern District of Iowa.  He previously served as an assistant U.S. attorney and the chief of the criminal division in the Northern District of Iowa.  Deegan was an assistant U.S. attorney in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan from 2004 to 2006.  He has prosecuted a number of federal offenses, including complex white collar and business crime.  Earlier in his career, Deegan was an associate attorney at Murphy Smith and Polk in Chicago, where he was active in labor and employment litigation.  After being nominated to become a U.S. Attorney by President Donald Trump, Deegan was confirmed unanimously by the United States Senate on September 14, 2017.

# Loretta Lynch
Loretta Elizabeth Lynch (born May 21, 1959) is an American attorney who served as the 83rd Attorney General of the United States, appointed by President Barack Obama in 2015 to succeed Eric Holder.  Previously, she held the position for United States Attorney for the Eastern District of New York under both the Clinton (1999–2001) and Obama administrations (2010–15).  As U.S. Attorney, Lynch oversaw federal prosecutions in Brooklyn, Queens, Staten Island and Long Island.

# Bryan Schroder
Bryan Schroder is an American attorney who is the Acting United States Attorney for the United States District Court for the District of Alaska.  He is President Donald Trump's nominee to become the U.S. Attorney for the District of Alaska.  Schroder has worked at the U.S. Attorney's Office in the District of Alaska since 2005.  Before becoming the Acting U.S. Attorney, he was the first assistant U.S. attorney, chief of the criminal division, anti-terrorism prosecutor, and district ethics adviser.  He has prosecuted cases involving violent crimes, drug distribution, gun crimes, fraud, tax evasion, environmental crimes, and fisheries and wildlife offenses.

# Kings County District Attorney
The Kings County District Attorney is the elected district attorney for Kings County, coterminous with the Borough of Brooklyn, in New York City.  The office is responsible for the prosecution of violations of the Laws of New York.  (Violations of federal law are prosecuted by the United States Attorney for the Eastern District of New York).  The current district attorney is Acting District Attorney Eric Gonzalez.

# Synkowce
Synkowce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Dwór, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.  It lies approximately 25 km north of Sokółka and 60 km north of the regional capital Białystok.

# Ogony
Ogony is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młynarze, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.  It lies approximately 25 km east of Maków Mazowiecki and 87 km north of Warsaw.

# Czarna Dąbrówka
Czarna Dąbrówka (German: "Schwarz Damerkow" ; Kashubian: "Czôrnô Dąbrówka" ) is a village in Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.  Until 1945 it was part of Farther Pomerania in Prussia.  It is now the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka.  It lies approximately 25 km north of Bytów and 71 km west of the regional capital Gdańsk.  The village has a population of 1,112.

# Młynarze, Maków County
Młynarze is a village in Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.  It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Młynarze.  It lies approximately 25 km north-east of Maków Mazowiecki and 89 km north of Warsaw.

# Postawele
Postawele is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutka-Tartak, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.  It lies approximately 25 km north of Suwałki and 133 km north of the regional capital Białystok.

# Wrzosówka, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship
Wrzosówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małogoszcz, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.  It lies approximately 5 km north of Małogoszcz, 25 km north of Jędrzejów, and 25 km west of the regional capital Kielce.

# Taipei
Taipei ( ), officially known as Taipei City, is the capital and a special municipality of Taiwan (officially known as the Republic of China, "ROC").  Sitting at the northern tip of the island, Taipei City is an enclave of the municipality of New Taipei City.  It is about 25 km southwest of the northern port city Keelung.  Most of the city is located on the Taipei Basin, an ancient lakebed bounded by the two relatively narrow valleys of the Keelung and Xindian rivers, which join to form the Tamsui River along the city's western border.  Formerly known as Taipeh-fu during the Qing era and Taihoku under Japanese rule, Taipei became the capital of Taiwan Province as part of the Republic of China in 1945 and has been the capital of the ROC since 1949, when the Kuomintang lost the mainland to the Communists in the Chinese Civil War.

# Antolin, Biała Podlaska County
Antolin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstantynów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.  It lies approximately 25 km north of Biała Podlaska and 119 km north of the regional capital Lublin.

# Wujaki
Wujaki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozogi, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.  It lies approximately 25 km south of Rozogi, 25 km south-east of Szczytno, and 65 km south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.

# Lingnan Fine Arts Museum
The Lingnan Fine Arts Museum () of the Academia Sinica is a museum in Nangang District, Taipei, Taiwan.

# Everyday
"Everyday" is a song recorded by American singer Ariana Grande, featuring rapper Future.  The track appears on "Dangerous Woman", her third studio album.  The song was written by Savan Kotecha, Ilya, Grande and Future, and produced by Ilya.  "Everyday" is a woozy electropop and trap song built around a grinding beat and a thrumming bassline.  One of Grande's more lyrically explicit songs, the lyrics speak of sexual satisfaction.  The track received mixed reviews from music critics who appreciated its production, but were ambivalent towards Future's feature.

# Applause
"Applause" is a song by American singer Lady Gaga from her third studio album, "Artpop" (2013).  It was released as the album's lead single through Interscope Records on August 12, 2013.  Written and produced by Gaga, DJ White Shadow, Dino Zisis and Nick Monson, additional songwriters included Martin Bresso, Nicolas Mercier, Julien Arias and William Grigahcine.  "Applause" was inspired by the cheering of her fans, which kept her motivated during the months she toured with the Born This Way Ball in pain, before cancelling it due to a hip injury.  It is an electropop and Eurodance song built around synthesizers and hi-NRG beats, with lyrics addressing how Gaga is dependent upon her fan's adoration and how she lives to perform.

# World Faith
World Faith is an international NGO founded in 2008 by Frank Fredericks.  The organization’s stated mission is "to end religious violence.”  It aims to promote opportunities for interfaith dialogue through community service projects to “[foster] genuine dialogue that is built around the shared values of service” and to “[inspire] project participants to build cross-identity friendships and strengthen their understanding of other religious traditions.”  World Faith’s activities pivot around the idea of revising the system of global peacebuilding, with a special focus on the role of faith identity in conflict.

# Octobass
The octobass is an extremely large and rare (only 7 in existence) bowed string instrument that was first built around 1850 in Paris by the French luthier Jean-Baptiste Vuillaume (1798–1875).  It has three strings and is essentially a larger version of the double bass (the specimen in the collection of the Musée de la Musique in Paris measures in length, whereas a full-size double bass is generally approximately in length).  Because of the extreme fingerboard length and string thickness, the musician plays it using a system of levers and pedals.  It has never been produced on a large scale or used much by composers (though Hector Berlioz wrote favorably about the instrument and proposed its widespread adoption).  In addition to the Paris instrument, octobasses exist in the collections of the Musical Instrument Museum in Phoenix, Arizona and the Kunsthistorisches Museum in Vienna.

# Talk Dirty
"Talk Dirty" is a song by American singer Jason Derulo, released as the second single from his third studio album, "Tattoos" (2013), in Europe and Oceania.  Derulo's third studio album was retitled "Talk Dirty" for its US release, featuring an alternative track listing.  It was released as the third single in the US on January 7, 2014.  Additional vocals are provided by American rapper 2 Chainz, making it Derulo's first single to feature a guest performer, excluding the French version of "Whatcha Say".  The artists co-wrote the song with Jason Evigan, Sean Douglas, Ori Kaplan, Tamir Muskat, Tomer Yosef, and Wallpaper frontman Ricky Reed; the latter is also the song's producer.  The song is built around sampled instrumentals from "Hermetico" by the Israeli band Balkan Beat Box from their 2007 studio album "Nu Med".  The main saxophone lick is based on characteristic Turkish traditional ornamentations, particularly rendering the Turkish wind instrument Zurna.

# Quogue
Quogue was a station stop along the Montauk Branch of the Long Island Rail Road and the station was built around June, 1875.  During construction the station was moved by the village "on a Sunday morning" from its original and current location to a location on Old Depot Road.  The second depot was built around 1882 and later was moved to a private location around 1905.  The third depot was built around 1905 and at some point was elevated for the bridge over the former New York State Route 113.  The station house was razed around April, 1964 but the station stop itself continued to operate until March 16, 1998.  This station, along with nine others around that time were closed due to low ridership, which did not make it very cost-effective to build high-level platforms to support the new C3 railcars the LIRR was procuring at the time.

# Xyloband
Xylobands are wristbands that contain light-emitting diodes and radio frequency receivers.  The lights inside the wristband can be controlled by a software program, which sends signals to the wristband, instructing it to light up or blink, for example.  The RGB version has a white strap and can emit any colour on the spectrum.  The single colour version is available in green, blue, yellow, red, pink and white.  The first use of Xylobands on a large scale was on Coldplay's 2012 Mylo Xyloto tour.  A Xyloband was given to each member of the audience, and as the concert played, the flashing of the bands was synchronized to the music.  The inventor of the wristbands, Jason Regler, stated that he had the idea for the flashing wristbands while at a Coldplay concert, during the song "Fix You".

# Ask
"Ask" is a song recorded by the English rock band the Smiths.  It was released as a single on 20 October 1986 through Rough Trade Records.  Credited to vocalist Morrissey and guitarist Johnny Marr, "Ask" is an upbeat, positive pop song built around major chords.  Its lyrics touch on shyness and encourages the listener to release their inhibitions.  Its multiple guitar parts and complex production led to disagreements regarding its final mix.  In addition, Craig Gannon, one-time rhythm guitarist for the group, has claimed he wrote and was denied credit for the song's chord structure.

# Fix You
"Fix You" is a song by British rock band Coldplay.  It was written by all four members of the band for their third studio album, "X&Y" (2005).  The track is built around an organ accompanied by slow tempo drums and vocals.

# Do You...
"Do You..." is a song by American R&B recording artist Miguel.  It was released on September 18, 2012, as the second single from his 2012 album "Kaleidoscope Dream".  It was written by producer Jerry Duplessis, co-producer Arden Altino, guitarist Paul Pesco, and Miguel, who recorded the song at Platinum Sound Recording Studios in New York City.  "Do You..." is a love song built around gentle guitar strumming and a playful rhythm section.  Its lyrics pose flirtatious, rhetorical questions and feature both metaphorical and literal references to narcotics.

# Young Romance
Young Romance is a 1915 American silent romance film directed and produced by George Melford.  The film is based on the play of the same name by William C. deMille who also wrote the screenplay.  Edith Taliaferro, who made only three films in her career, stars in this film which is the only one of her films that still exists.

# Always Audacious
Always Audacious is a 1920 American silent romance film directed by James Cruze and written by Thomas J. Geraghty.  The film stars Wallace Reid in a dual role, Margaret Loomis, Clarence Geldart, J.M. Dumont, Rhea Haines, Carmen Phillips, and Guy Oliver.  It is based on the short story "Toujours de l'Audace" by Ben Ames Williams.  The film was released on November 14, 1920, by Paramount Pictures.  It is not known whether the film currently survives, which suggests that it is a lost film.

# Out of a Clear Sky
Out of a Clear Sky is a lost 1918 American silent romance drama film starring Marguerite Clark and directed by Marshall Neilan.  Based upon a novel by Maria Thompson Daviess, Famous Players-Lasky produced the film and Paramount Pictures distributed.

# The Soul of Buddha
The Soul of Buddha is a 1918 American silent romance film directed by J. Gordon Edwards and starring Theda Bara, who also wrote the film's story.  The film was produced by Fox Film Corporation and shot at the Fox Studio in Fort Lee, New Jersey.

# The Grain of Dust
The Grain of Dust is a lost 1918 American silent romance drama film directed by Harry Revier based on a novel by David Graham Phillips.  The film starred Lillian Walker.

# Broadway Love
Broadway Love is a 1918 American silent romance film directed by Ida May Park and starring Lon Chaney.  A print of the film survives in the George Eastman House Motion Picture Collection.

# A Man's Man
A Man's Man is a lost 1918 American silent romance film directed by Oscar Apfel and produced by Paralta Plays.  It starred J. Warren Kerrigan and Lois Wilson, the pair famous for appearing in "The Covered Wagon".

# Old Heidelberg
Old Heidelberg is a 1915 American silent romance film directed by John Emerson and starring Wallace Reid, Dorothy Gish and Karl Formes.  It is an adaptation of the 1901 play "Old Heidelberg" by Wilhelm Meyer-Förster, the first of five film versions which have been made.  The film still survives, unlike many productions of the era.

# Barbed Wire
Barbed Wire is a 1927 American silent romance film set in World War I.  It stars Pola Negri as a French farmgirl and Clive Brook as the German prisoner of war she falls in love with.  The film was based on the novel "The Woman of Knockaloe" by Hall Caine.  Unlike the original novel, set in Isle of Man, the film takes place in Normandy, France.  Some plot alterations were made in the adaptation, including most importantly the insertion of a happy ending.

# Fort Lee, New Jersey
Fort Lee is a borough at the eastern border of Bergen County, New Jersey, United States, in the New York City Metropolitan Area, situated atop the Hudson Palisades.  As of the 2010 United States Census, the borough's population was 35,345, reflecting a decline of 116 (−0.3%) from the 35,461 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 3,464 (+10.8%) from the 31,997 counted in the 1990 Census.  The borough is the western terminus of the George Washington Bridge and is located across the Hudson River from the Manhattan borough of New York City.  Named for the site of an early American Revolutionary War military encampment, it later became the birthplace of the American film industry.

# Vitor Belfort
Vitor Vieira Belfort (] ; born April 1, 1977) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist currently competing in the Middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.  He is the former UFC Light Heavyweight Champion, UFC 12 Heavyweight Tournament Champion, and the Cage Rage World Light Heavyweight Champion.  As of June 16, 2017, he is the #11 contender in official UFC Middleweight rankings.

# David Branch
David Branch (born September 26, 1981) is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the Middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.  A professional competitor since 2007, he has also formerly competed for the World Series of Fighting, Bellator, Shark Fights, and Titan FC.  Branch was the inaugural World Series of Fighting Light Heavyweight and Middleweight Champion.  He is currently ranked as the #9 Middleweight in the world according to Sherdog.

# Blackzilians
The Blackzilians is a defunct professional team of fighters in mixed martial arts, boxing, kickboxing, amateur wrestling and catch wrestling located in South Florida.  They are most well known for being the team that includes former UFC light heavyweight champions 'Sugar' Rashad Evans and Vitor Belfort and former UFC lightweight champion Eddie Alvarez.

# Kelvin Gastelum
Kelvin Gastelum (born October 24, 1991) is an American professional mixed martial artist who is currently signed to the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC).  He was the winner of "The Ultimate Fighter 17".  Gastelum is currently competing as a middleweight and is ranked #8 in the UFC official middleweight rankings.

# Rashad Evans
Rashad Anton Evans (born September 25, 1979) is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the Middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.  A professional competitor since 2003, Evans was the Heavyweight winner of The Ultimate Fighter 2 and is also a former UFC Light Heavyweight Champion.

# Luke Zachrich
Luke Zachrich (born October 1, 1981) is an American mixed martial artist and former professional boxer who formerly competed in the Middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship A professional mixed martial arts competitor since 2006, Zachrich was a member of Team Forrest on the seventh season of The Ultimate Fighter, and has also fought for King of the Cage, Xtreme Fighting Organization, Bellator, and Ultimate Victory Challenge, the latter of which he was the inaugural Middleweight Champion.

# Sam Alvey
Samuel Alvey (born May 6, 1986) is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the Middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.  A professional MMA competitor since 2008, Alvey has also formerly competed for Bellator, King of the Cage, the MFC, and was a contestant on .  As of March 2017, Alvey is #14 in the official UFC Middleweight Rankings.

# Luke Barnatt
Luke Barnatt (born 13 April 1988) is an English mixed martial artist who fought as a Middleweight for the Ultimate Fighting Championship.  He was a member of FX's , and has also competed for BAMMA and UCMMA in England.  At 6' 6" Barnatt is one of the tallest fighters currently competing in his weight class.  Barnatt received his nickname "Bigslow" from brothers John Maguire and Tommy Maguire, for his size and being slow in response to their jokes and insults.  Barnatt competes in the middleweight division of the Absolute Championship Berkut.

# Jack Marshman
Jack "Hammer" Marshman (born December 19, 1989) is a Welsh mixed martial artist.  He was the Middleweight Cage Warriors Fighting Championship (CWFC) champion and Lonsdale Middleweight Champion.  He currently competes in Middleweight division in the Ultimate Fighting Championship(UFC).

# Paulo Borrachinha
Paulo Henrique Costa (born April 21, 1991), better known as Paulo Borrachinha, is a Brazilian mixed martial artist currently competing in the Middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.  In the day August 3 of 2017, Borracinha and the Clube Atlético Mineiro officialized institutional partnership.  The agreement did not create a bond between the club and the athlete.  The agreement allows the use of the athletic shield of Atlético in the training uniforms of the fighter, within the possibilities of his contract with the UFC.

# Mazatlán
Mazatlán (] ) is a city in the Mexican state of Sinaloa.  The city serves as the municipal seat for the surrounding "municipio", known as the Mazatlán Municipality.  It is located at on the Pacific coast, across from the southernmost tip of the Baja California Peninsula.

# Villa Unión, Sinaloa
Villa Unión is the second largest town in the municipality of Mazatlán, after the port of Mazatlán.  It is located twenty kilometers south of the city on the banks of the Presidio River.

# Mitre Department
Mitre Department is a department of Argentina in Santiago del Estero Province.  The capital city of the department is Villa Unión.

# Poanas Municipality
Poanas is one of the 39 municipalities of Durango, in northwestern Mexico.  The municipal seat lies at Villa Unión.  The municipality covers an area of 1841 km².

# Mexican Federal Highway 40
Mexican Federal Highway 40, also called the "Carretera Interoceánica" (Interoceanic Highway), is a road beginning at Reynosa, Tamaulipas, just west of the Port of Brownsville, Texas, and ending at Mexican Federal Highway 15 in Villa Unión, Sinaloa, near Mazatlán and the Pacific coast.  It is called Interoceanic as, once finished, the cities of Matamoros, Tamaulipas, on the Gulf of Mexico and Mazatlán on the Pacific Ocean will be linked.

# Villa Unión
Villa Unión is a city in northwestern Argentina and the main settlement of Departamento Coronel Felipe Varela with a population of 12,263.

# Estado de Occidente
Estado de Occidente (also known as Sonora y Sinaloa) was a Mexican state established in 1824.  The constitution was drafted in that year and the government was initially established with its capital at El Fuerte, Sinaloa.  The first governor was Juan Miguel Riesgo.  The state consisted of modern Sonora and Sinaloa, and also modern Arizona more or less south of the Gila River (although in much of this area the Yaqui, Pima, Apaches, and other native inhabitants did not recognize the authority of the state),

# Villa Unión, Santiago del Estero
Villa Unión is a municipality and village in Santiago del Estero Province in Argentina.

# Villa Unión, Coahuila
Villa Unión is a city and seat of the municipality of Villa Unión, in the north-eastern Mexican state of Coahuila.

# Operation Sinaloa
Operation Sinaloa or Operation Culiacan - Navolato (Spanish: Operacion Sinaloa/Operacion Conjunto Sinaloa) is an ongoing Anti-drug trafficking operation in the Mexican state of Sinaloa by the Federal Police and the Mexican Armed Forces.  Its main objective is to cripple all cartel organizations such as the Sinaloa Cartel, Beltrán-Leyva Cartel and Los Zetas that operate in that state.  The Military was deployed in response to the murder of Mexico's Federal Police commissioner Édgar Eusebio Millán Gómez.

# Berber orthography
Berber orthography is the writing system(s) used to transcribe the Berber languages.  In antiquity, the Libyco-Berber script (Tifinagh) was utilized to write Berber.  Early uses of the script have been found on rock art and in various sepulchres.  Following the spread of Islam, some Berber scholars also utilized the Arabic script.  There are now three writing systems in use for Berber languages: Tifinagh (Libyco-Berber), the Arabic script, and the Berber Latin alphabet.  Different groups in North Africa have different preferences of writing system, often motivated by ideology and politics.

# Madurese language
Madurese is a language of the Madurese people of Madura Island and eastern Java, Indonesia; it is also spoken on the neighbouring small Kangean Islands and Sapudi Islands, as well as from migrants to other parts of Indonesia, namely the eastern salient of Java (comprising Pasuruan, Surabaya, Malang to Banyuwangi), the Masalembu Islands, and even some on Kalimantan.  The Kangean dialect may be a separate language.  It was traditionally written in the Javanese script, but the Latin script and the Pegon script (based on Arabic script) is now more commonly used.  The number of speakers, though shrinking, is estimated to be 8–13 million, making it one of the most widely spoken language in the country.  A variant of Madurese that is Bawean is also spoken by Baweanese (or Boyan) descendants in Malaysia and Singapore.

# Takri alphabet
The Takri script (sometimes called "Tankri") is an abugida writing system of the Brahmic family of scripts.  It is closely related to, and derived from, the Sharada script employed by Kashmiri.  It is also related to the Gurmukhī script used to write Punjabi.  Until the late 1940s, And adopted version script of Takri (called Dogri, Dogra or Dogra Akhtar)was the official script for writing the Dogri in the state of Jammu and Kashmir and Kangri, Cahmbeali, Mandeali in Himachal Pradesh.  There are some record of using Takri script in the history of Nepali (Khas Kura).  Takri has historically been used by a number of Western Pahari, Garhwali and Dardic languages in the Western Himalayas, such as Gaddi or Gaddki (the language of the Gaddi ethnic group), Kashtwari (the dialect centered on the Kashtwar or Kishtwar region of Jammu and Kashmir) and Chamiyali (the language of the Chamba region of Himachal Pradesh).  Takri used to be most prevalent script for business records and communication in various parts of Himachal Pradesh including Chintpurni, Una, Kangra, Bilaspur and Hamirpur regions.  The aged businessmen can still be found using Takri in these areas, but newer generation has now shifted to Devanagari and even English (Roman).  This shift can be traced to have happened during the period ranging from 1950s to 1980s.

# Umbrian language
Umbrian is an extinct Italic language formerly spoken by the Umbri in the ancient Italian region of Umbria.  Within the Italic languages it is closely related to the Oscan group and is therefore associated with it in the group of Osco-Umbrian languages.  Since that classification was first formulated a number of other languages in ancient Italy were discovered to be more closely related to Umbrian.  Therefore, a group was devised to contain them, the Umbrian languages.

# Rejang script
The Rejang script, sometimes spelt "Redjang" and locally known as "Surat Ulu" ('upstream script'), is an abugida of the Brahmic family, and is related to other scripts of the region, like Batak, Buginese, and others.  Rejang is a member of the closely related group of Surat Ulu scripts that include the script variants of Bengkulu, Lembak, Lintang, Lebong, and Serawai.  Other scripts that are closely related, and sometimes included in the Surat Ulu group, are Kerinci and Lampung.  The script was in use prior to the introduction of Islam to the Rejang area; the earliest attested document appears to date from the mid-18th century CE.  The Rejang script is sometimes also known as the KaGaNga script following the first three letters of the alphabet.  The term KaGaNga was never used by the users of the script community, but it was coined by the British anthropologist Mervyn A. Jaspan (1926–1975) in his book "Folk literature of South Sumatra.  Redjang Ka-Ga-Nga texts."  Canberra, The Australian National University 1964.

# Berber languages
The Berber languages, also known as Berber or the Amazigh languages (Berber name: "Tamaziɣt", "Tamazight"; Neo-Tifinagh: ⵜⴰⵎⴰⵣⵉⵖⵜ, Tuareg Tifinagh: ⵜⴰⵎⴰⵣⵉⵗⵜ, ⵝⴰⵎⴰⵣⵉⵗⵝ , ] , ] ), are a family of similar and closely related languages and dialects spoken by the Berbers indigenous to North Africa.  The Berber languages constitute a branch of the Afroasiatic family.  They were traditionally written with the ancient Libyco-Berber script, which now exists in the form of Tifinagh.

# Horpa language
Horpa (Chinese: 道孚语 "Daofu", 爾龔語 "Ergong"), also named Stau, Daofuhua, Bawang, Bopa, Danba, Dawu, Geshitsa, Geshiza, Geshizahua, Hor, Huo’er, Hórsók, Nyagrong-Minyag, Pawang, Rgu, Western Gyarong, Western Jiarong, Xinlong-Muya, rTau"," is one of several closely related Rgyalrongic languages of China.  Horpa is better understood as a cluster of closely related yet unintelligible dialect groups/languages closely related to Horpa Shangzhai or Stodsde skad.  The term "Stodsde skad" is a Tibetan name meaning "language of the people of the far Northwest".

# Mazanderani language
Mazanderani (مازندرانی), also Tabari (طبری) or Geleki (گلکی) is an Iranian language of the Northwestern branch, spoken mainly in Iran's Mazandaran, Tehran, Alborz, Semnan and Golestan provinces.  As a member of the Northwestern branch (the northern branch of Western Iranian), etymologically speaking it is rather closely related to Gilaki, and more distantly related to Persian, which belongs to the Southwestern branch.  Mazandarani is closely related to Gilaki and the two languages have similar vocabularies.  The Gilaki and Mazandarani languages (but not other Iranian languages) share certain typological features with Caucasian languages (specifically South Caucasian languages), reflecting the history, ethnic identity, and close relatedness to the Caucasus region and Caucasian peoples of the Mazandarani people and Gilaki people.

# Tugurt language
The Tugurt language, also known as Oued Righ Berber and Temacine Tamazight, is a Zenati Berber variety spoken in some of the oases of the northeastern Oued Righ region around Touggourt in Algeria.  s of 1893 , its main speech area was in Temacine, Blidet-Amor, Meggarine and Ghomra.  It is closely related to the nearby Tumzabt (Mozabite) and Teggargrent (Ouargli) languages.

# Dyula language
Jula (or Dyula, Dioula) is a Mande language spoken in Burkina Faso, Ivory Coast and Mali.  It is one of the Manding languages and is most closely related to Bambara, being mutually intelligible with Bambara as well as Malinke.  It is a trade language in West Africa and is spoken by millions of people, either as a first or second language.  It is written in the Arabic script and the Latin script, as well as in the indigenous N'Ko script.

# Charles Fraser-Smith
Charles Fraser-Smith (26 January 1904 – 9 November 1992) was an author and one-time missionary who is widely credited as being the inspiration for Ian Fleming's James Bond quartermaster Q.  During World War II, Fraser-Smith worked for the Ministry of Supply, fabricating equipment nicknamed "Q-devices" (after Q-ships) for SOE agents operating in occupied Europe.  Prior to the war, Fraser-Smith had worked as a missionary in North Africa.  After the war he purchased a dairy farm in Bratton Fleming, Devon, where he died in 1992.

# Colonel Sun
Colonel Sun is a novel by Kingsley Amis published by Jonathan Cape on 28 March 1968 under the pseudonym "Robert Markham".  "Colonel Sun" is the first James Bond continuation novel published after Ian Fleming's 1964 death.  Before writing the novel, Amis wrote two other Bond related works, the literary study "The James Bond Dossier" and the humorous "The Book of Bond".  "Colonel Sun" centres on the fictional British Secret Service operative James Bond and his mission to track down the kidnappers of M, his superior at the Secret Service.  During the mission he discovers a communist Chinese plot to cause an international incident.  Bond, assisted by a Greek spy working for the Russians, finds M on a small Aegean island, rescues him and kills the two main plotters: Colonel Sun Liang-tan and a former Nazi commander, Von Richter.

# Kingsman
Kingsman is a British-American media franchise focused on the fictional organisation "Kingsman", which originally appeared in a UK-made spy action-comedy comic book series written by Mark Millar and Dave Gibbons, colored by Angus McKie, edited by Nicole Wiley Boose, published by Icon Comics, an imprint of American published Marvel Comics.  Volume 1 of this series, released in 2012, deals with a super-spy recruiting his young nephew to the secret service, channeling the classic James Bond films, and other spy thrillers.  The first volume of the series was originally known simply as The Secret Service and was rebranded to tie-in with the The comic series is set in Mark Millar's shared universe, the "Millarverse"; with the celebrity kidnappings taking place in "Kingsman" Vol.  1 being referenced in "Kick-Ass 3" #8.  A stand-alone sequel set in both the continuity of the original comic and that of the film series, subtitled "The Big Exit", was released in the September/October 2017 issue of "Playboy Magazine", by Rob Williams with art from Ozgur Yildirim.  The second volume of "Kingsman", subtitled "The Red Diamond", was released through Image Comics in September 2017.  A feature film loosely based on "The Secret Service", directed by Matthew Vaughn and co-written by Jane Goldman, was released in February 2015.  The film stars Colin Firth, Taron Egerton, Michael Caine, Samuel L. Jackson, Mark Strong, Sophie Cookson, Sofia Boutella, Jack Davenport, and Mark Hamill.  A sequel to this film, subtitled "", was released in September 2017.

# Director of the United States Secret Service
The Director of the United States Secret Service is the head of the U.S. Secret Service, and responsible for the day-to-day operations.  The Secret Service is concerned with the prevention and investigation of counterfeiting of U.S. currency and U.S. treasury securities, and the protection of current and former national leaders and their families, such as the President and Vice President, and foreign dignitaries.

# Sidney Reilly
Sidney George Reilly MC (  1873 –  1925 ), commonly known as the "Ace of Spies", was a secret agent of the British Secret Service Bureau, the precursor to the modern British Secret Intelligence Service (MI6/SIS).  He is alleged to have spied for at least four different powers.

# Q
Q is a fictional character in the James Bond films and film novelisations.  Q (standing for Quartermaster as well as a reference to the deceptive Q-ships) is a job title, unlike M, which is a cypher for the character's name.  He is the head of Q Branch (or later Q Division), the fictional research and development division of the British Secret Service.

# No. 1 of the Secret Service
No. 1 of the Secret Service is a 1977 imitation James Bond film starring Nicky Henson as British secret agent Charles Bind.  It was directed and written by Lindsay Shonteff and produced by his wife Elizabeth Gray.  The film had the working title of 008 of the Secret Service.  It was released on VHS under the title Her Majesty’s Top Gun.

# Secret Service Counter-Assault Teams
Secret Service Counter-Assault Teams (CAT) are tactical forces maintained by the U.S. Secret Service which are responsible for repelling coordinated attacks against dignitaries.  This is in contrast to a close protection team whose mission is to shield a dignitary from attackers and evacuate them to a place of safety.  The Secret Service first began fielding counter-assault teams in 1979.  "Hawkeye " is the designation for a CAT assigned to the President of the United States, followed by the president's Secret Service call sign.  For example, the callsign for President Obama's CAT was "Hawkeye Renegade"

# The XYY Man
The XYY Man began life as a series of novels by Kenneth Royce, featuring the character of William (or Willie) 'Spider' Scott, a one-time cat-burglar who leaves prison aiming to go straight but finds his talents still to be very much in demand by both the criminal underworld and the British secret service.  Scott has an extra Y chromosome that supposedly gives him a criminal predisposition – although he tries to go straight, he is genetically incapable of doing so.

# Secret service
A secret service is a government agency, intelligence agency, or the activities of a government agency, concerned with the gathering of intelligence data.  The tasks and powers of a secret service can vary greatly from one country to another.  For instance, a country may establish a secret service which has some policing powers (such as surveillance) but not others.  The powers and duties of a government organization may be partly secret and partly not.  The organization may be said to operate openly at home and secretly abroad, or vice versa.  Secret police and intelligence agencies can usually be considered secret services.

# His Dark Materials
His Dark Materials is an epic trilogy of fantasy novels by Philip Pullman consisting of "Northern Lights" (1995, published as "The Golden Compass" in North America), "The Subtle Knife" (1997), and "The Amber Spyglass" (2000).  It follows the coming of age of two children, Lyra Belacqua and Will Parry, as they wander through a series of parallel universes.  The three novels have won a number of awards, most notably the 2001 Whitbread Book of the Year prize, won by "The Amber Spyglass".  "Northern Lights" won the Carnegie Medal for children's fiction in the UK in 1995.  The trilogy took third place in the BBC's Big Read poll in 2003.

# The Book of Dust
The Book of Dust is a forthcoming trilogy of fantasy novels by Philip Pullman.  It is a companion trilogy to the "His Dark Materials" trilogy.  The first book is set 10 years before "Northern Lights" and centres on Lyra Belacqua, one of the protagonists of the original trilogy.  Alethiometers, dæmons and the Magisterium also return, alongside new characters, including a new hero.

# The Subtle Knife
The Subtle Knife, the second book in the "His Dark Materials" series, is a young-adult fantasy novel written by Philip Pullman and published in 1997.  The novel continues the adventures of Lyra Belacqua as she investigates the mysterious Dust phenomenon and searches for her father.  Will Parry is introduced as a companion to Lyra, and together they explore the new realms to which they have both been introduced.

# Lyra
"Lyra" is a song written, produced, and performed by British recording artist Kate Bush, from the 2007 soundtrack album "The Golden Compass" from the film of the same name.  It is used in the closing credits of the film.  Bush was commissioned to write the song, with the request that it make reference to the lead character, Lyra Belacqua.

# Northern Lights
Northern Lights (known as The Golden Compass in North America and some other countries) is a young-adult fantasy novel by Philip Pullman, published by Scholastic UK in 1995.  Set in a parallel universe, it features the journey of Lyra Belacqua to the Arctic in search of her missing friend, Roger Parslow, and her imprisoned uncle, Lord Asriel, who has been conducting experiments with a mysterious substance known as "Dust".

# Will Parry
William Parry is one of the protagonists in Philip Pullman's trilogy "His Dark Materials", along with Lyra Belacqua.  He first appears in the series at the start of the second novel, "The Subtle Knife", and continues through to the final book, "The Amber Spyglass".  Introduced as a 12-year-old boy, he meets and befriends Lyra in the world of Cittàgazze and teams up with her in order to uncover the mysteries of Dust and the disappearance of his own father many years previously.  He later takes possession of the Subtle Knife which he uses to aid Lord Asriel in his bid to destroy the Authority.

# Lyra Belacqua
Lyra Belacqua , also known as Lyra Silvertongue, is the heroine of Philip Pullman's "His Dark Materials" trilogy.  Lyra is a young girl who inhabits a universe parallel to our own.  Brought up in the cloistered world of Jordan College, Oxford, she finds herself embroiled in a cosmic war between Lord Asriel on the one side, and the first angel to come into being, called The Authority, and his Regent, called Metatron, on the other.

# Parallel universe
A parallel universe is a hypothetical self-contained reality co-existing with one's own.  A specific group of parallel universes are called a "multiverse", although this term can also be used to describe the possible parallel universes that constitute reality.  While the terms "parallel universe" and "alternative reality" are generally synonymous and can be used interchangeably in most cases, there is sometimes an additional connotation implied with the term "alternative reality" that implies that the reality is a variant of our own.  The term "parallel universe" is more general, without any connotations implying a relationship, or lack of relationship, with our own universe.  A universe where the very laws of nature are different – for example, one in which there are no Laws of Motion – would in general count as a parallel universe but not an alternative reality and a concept between both fantasy world and earth.

# Northern Lights Audio
Northern Lights is a book by Philip Pullman, written in 1995.  The BBC and Cavalcade audiobook was first recorded in 2002

# Lyra's Oxford
Lyra's Oxford is a short book by Philip Pullman depicting an episode involving the heroine of "His Dark Materials", Pullman's best-selling trilogy.  "Lyra's Oxford" is set when Lyra Belacqua is 15, two years after the end of the trilogy.

# Johnny English Reborn
Johnny English Reborn is a 2011 British action comedy film parodying the James Bond secret agent genre.  The film is the sequel to "Johnny English" (2003), and stars Rowan Atkinson reprising his role as the title character and directed by Oliver Parker.  The film is the second installment of the "Johnny English film series".

# Johnny English
Johnny English is a British series of action comedy film parodying the James Bond secret agent genre.  It features Rowan Atkinson as the titular character, based on the screenplay was written by Neal Purvis and Robert Wade.  The series included 3 instalments: "Johnny English" (2003), "Johnny English Reborn" (2011), and the upcoming "Johnny English 3" which is in pre-production.  The series also infused with comedy similar to Atkinson's Mr. Bean character and grossed $320 worldwide.

# Robin Driscoll
Robin Driscoll is a British actor and writer, best known as a writer of "Mr. Bean".  He and Rowan Atkinson are close friends; he appeared with Rowan Atkinson in "Laughing Matters" (1992) - Visual Comedy, a documentary on the mechanics of visual humour.

# Mr. Bean's Holiday
Mr. Bean's Holiday is a 2007 comedy film, directed by Steve Bendelack, music composed by Howard Goodall, produced by Peter Bennett-Jones, Tim Bevan and Eric Fellner, written by Hamish McColl and Robin Driscoll and starring Rowan Atkinson, Maxim Baldry, Emma de Caunes and Willem Dafoe.  It is the second film based on the television series "Mr. Bean", following the 1997 "Bean".

# Get Smart
Get Smart is an American comedy television series that satirizes the secret agent genre.  It was created by Mel Brooks with Buck Henry and had its television premiere on September 18, 1965.  The show stars Don Adams as Maxwell Smart, Agent 86, Barbara Feldon as Agent 99, and Edward Platt as Thaddeus, the Chief.  Henry said that they created the show at the request of Daniel Melnick to capitalize on "the two biggest things in the entertainment world today": James Bond and Inspector Clouseau.  Brooks said: "It's an insane combination of James Bond and Mel Brooks comedy."

# Mr. Bean
Mr. Bean is a fictional character on the British comedy television programme, "Mr. Bean" and "".  He is created, voiced and portrayed by Rowan Atkinson.  He made his first appearance on television, on the original Mr. Bean episode which aired on 1 January 1990.

# The End of Agent W4C
Konec agenta W4C prostřednictvím psa pana Foustky (English: The End of Agent W4C ) is a 1967 Czechoslovak film parodying the James Bond secret agent genre.  Directed by Václav Vorlíček based on the story by Oldřich Daněk.  Runtime 87 min.  Mono.  Produced by Filmové Studio Barrandov and distributed by Central Office of Film Distribution, Prague.

# Canned Laughter
Rowan Atkinson presents...Canned Laughter was a one off ITV sitcom featuring Rowan Atkinson, broadcast on 8 April 1979.  Atkinson plays three roles; the nerdy Robert Box (who has been cited as an early incarnation of the "Mr. Bean" character, albeit involving more dialogue), his sinister boss Mr. Marshall, and would be stand up comic Dave Perry, as well as an uncredited role as a radio announcer.

# Manny Pacquiao vs. Juan Manuel Márquez IV
Manny Pacquiao vs. Juan Manuel Márquez IV, billed as Fight of the Decade, was a professional boxing match.  It was also billed unofficially as deciding the World Boxing Organization's "Champion of the Decade".  This was the fourth and final meeting between Manny Pacquiao and Juan Manuel Marquez.  The bout was held on December 8, 2012, at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas, Nevada and drew 1.15 million pay-per-view buys.

# Juan Manuel Márquez vs. Juan Díaz II
Juan Manuel Márquez vs. Juan Diaz was a boxing lightweight title superfight, in a rematch of the 2009 Fight of the Year.  Marquez, went to Diaz's hometown of Houston to face him at the Toyota Center in February 2009 in what turned out to be an all-action slugfest, one that Marquez won via ninth-round knockout.

# Freddie Norwood
Freddie Norwood (born February 14, 1970 in St. Louis, Missouri) is a boxer in the lightweight division.  Known as "Lil Hagler", Norwood defeated Antonio Cermeño to win the WBA Featherweight Title in 1998.  He successfully defended his title eight times before losing his title by a controversial 11th-round TKO to Smoke Gainer.  Among his notable defenses were a 9th-round KO over former WBC Featherweight Title holder Takashi Koshimoto, a unanimous decision victory over former WBO Featherweight Title holder Julio Pablo Chacón and former IBF and WBA Featherweight title holder Juan Manuel Márquez.  After losing his title to Gainer, Norwood retired from boxing.

# Derrick Gainer
Derrick "Smoke" Gainer (born August 22, 1972, in Pensacola, Florida) is a US born boxer who started out in the featherweight division and now fights in the lightweight division.  In 2000, he defeated Freddie Norwood to win the World Boxing Association (WBA) featherweight title and after four defenses lost to Juan Manuel Márquez, who became super champion, via technical decision in 2003.  Since his defeat to Marquez, Gainer lost in a challenge to WBA titleholder Chris John via unanimous decision.  Gainer is also a colleague and good friend of Roy Jones Jr., and often fought on his under-cards.

# Rafael Márquez
Rafael Márquez Méndez (born 25 March 1975) is a Mexican former professional boxer who competed from 1995 to 2013.  He is a two-time world champion in two weight classes, having held the IBF bantamweight title from 2003 to 2007; and the WBC, "Ring" magazine, and lineal super bantamweight titles in 2007.  He also held the IBO bantamweight title from 2005 to 2007, and challenged once for WBO featherweight title in 2011.  Márquez was known for his formidable knockout power and relentless pressure fighting style.  His older brother Juan Manuel Márquez is also a professional boxer and multiple-time world champion.

# Floyd Mayweather Jr. vs. Juan Manuel Márquez
Floyd Mayweather vs. Juan Manuel Márquez, billed as Number One/Número Uno, was a welterweight superfight which took place on September 19, 2009, at the MGM Grand Arena in Las Vegas between five-division world champion Floyd Mayweather Jr. (39–0, 25 KO) and three-division champion Juan Manuel Márquez (50–4–1, 37 KO).  The fight served as a return to the ring for Mayweather, who, after his knock out victory of Ricky Hatton in December 2007, announced he would take a two-year layoff from boxing which later turned into retirement.

# Juan Manuel Márquez vs. Joel Casamayor
Juan Manuel Márquez vs. Joel Casamayor was a boxing lightweight superfight.  In 2008 reigning lightweight Champion "El Cepillo" Casamayor met former two-division World Champion Juan Manuel "Dinamita" Márquez at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas for a 12-round championship bout.  Casamayor was the champion of boxing's lightweight division, recognized as the title holder by Ring Magazine, even though he didn't own any of the belts from boxing's four major sanctioning bodies.

# Manny Pacquiao vs. Juan Manuel Márquez III
Manny Pacquiao vs. Juan Manuel Márquez III, billed as The 25th Round Begins, was a boxing championship bout for the WBO welterweight title.  The bout took place on November 12, 2011, at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas, Nevada and was distributed by HBO PPV.  The fight also marked a return to HBO for Pacquiao and drew 1.4 million pay-per-view buys.

# Juan Manuel Márquez vs. Juan Díaz
Juan Manuel Márquez vs. Juan Diaz was a boxing lightweight title superfight, for the vacant WBO/WBA lightweight championship, and Marquez's "The Ring" lightweight title.  The bout was held on February 28, 2009, at the Toyota Center in Houston, Texas, United States.  Marquez won the fight via technical knockout in the ninth round.

# Juan Manuel Márquez
Juan Manuel Márquez Méndez (born August 23, 1973) is a Mexican former professional boxer who competed from 1993 to 2014.  He is the third Mexican boxer (after Érik Morales and Jorge Arce) to become a four-weight world champion, having formerly held nine world championships including the WBA (Super), IBF, and WBO featherweight titles between 2003 and 2007; the WBC super featherweight title from 2007 to 2008; the WBA (Super), WBO, "Ring" magazine, and lineal lightweight titles between 2008 and 2012; and the WBO junior welterweight title from 2012 to 2013.

# Kim Jong-kook
Kim Jong-kook (Hangul: 김종국; Hanja: 金鐘國; born 25 April 1976) is a South Korean singer, actor and TV personality.  He was initially part of the Korean duo Turbo, but later pursued a successful career as a solo artist.  Apart from being a triple Daesang award-winning singer, he is also an active participant in variety shows such as "X-man" and "Family Outing" (since episode 19).  He gained worldwide popularity as part of the SBS variety show "Running Man".

# Turbo
Turbo (Korean: 터보 ) is a popular South Korean duo in the mid to late 1990s.  The duo originally consisted of Kim Jong-kook and Kim Jung-nam.  In early 1997, Kim Jung-nam left from the group and Kim Jong-kook later continued promotion with new member Mikey.  They became one of the biggest stars in the Korean entertainment industry during their active time from 1995 to 2000 and sold millions of albums and records in Asia as a whole.  In 2015, they made a comeback as a trio after 15 years with "Again".  Title song `again´ led on top of the music charts.

# Trot
Trot (Korean 트로트 "teuroteu"; sometimes called 뽕짝 "ppongjjak" due to its distinctive background rhythm) is a genre of Korean pop music, and is recognized as the oldest form of Korean pop music.  Formulated during the Japanese rule in the early 1900s, the genre has been influenced by Japanese, Western and Korean musical elements.  Also, the genre has adopted different names, such as "yuhaengga", "ppongjjak", and most recently "teuroteu" (the Korean pronunciation of the word trot).  While the genre’s popularity declined during the 1990s, most recently, it has been subject to revivals by contemporary South Korean pop artists such as Jang Yoon Jeong, Super Junior-T, BIGBANG member Daesung, Red Velvet member Joy, and Trot Queen Hong Jin-young.

# Cho Yong-pil
Cho Yong-pil (hangul: 조용필; hanja: 趙容弼; also written Jo, Yong-pil) is a South Korean pop singer born in 1950.  Many Korean Pop fans believe that Cho is one of the most influential figures in Korean pop music and has produced many hits of Korean pop music history, including "Return to Busan Port", "Dear Friend" and "The Lady Outside the Window".

# List of TVXQ concert tours
The South Korean pop duo TVXQ have embarked on thirteen headlining concert tours, one of which has been worldwide, and eight others that were based exclusively in Japan.  TVXQ originally debuted as a five-member group in December 2003, with members U-Know Yunho, Max Changmin, Hero Jaejoong, Micky Yoochun, and Xiah Junsu.  The group made their headlining debut in February 2006 through their Rising Sun Tour, performing four sell-out shows in South Korea, one show in Thailand, and one show in Malaysia, which was the first K-pop concert held in the country.  They visited China and Taiwan for the first time for their O Tour, which commenced in January 2007.  Their third and last concert tour as a quinet, the Mirotic Tour, was announced to tour cities beyond South Korea, China, and Thailand throughout 2009 and 2010, but the remaining concert dates were cancelled soon after members Jaejoong, Yoochun, and Junsu entered a legal battle with their Korean agency S.M. Entertainment, subsequently leading to their departure.  In January 2011, TVXQ restarted their activities as a duo, with remaining members Yunho and Changmin.

# List of TVXQ concert tours in Japan
The South Korean pop duo TVXQ, known as Tohoshinki (東方神起 , Tōhōshinki ) in Japan, have embarked on eight Japanese concert tours.  Tohoshinki debuted in Japan as a five-member pop group in April 2005, and held their first Japanese tour, the Heart, Mind, and Soul Tour, in 2006.  This was followed by the Five in the Black Tour in 2007 and the T Tour in 2008, the latter tour bringing in an estimate of 150,000 fans from 17 shows.  From May to July 2009, Tohoshinki held their fourth and last Japanese tour as a quintet, The Secret Code Tour, attracting 300,000 fans.  For the tour's finale, Tohoshinki performed in the Tokyo Dome, making them the third Korean music act, and the first Korean pop group, to do so.

# Running Man Brothers
Running Man Brothers is a South Korean pop duo, which is named after the South Korean television show "Running Man".  The group is composed of cast members Kim Jong-kook and Haha and was formed in 2014.

# Maroo Entertainment
Maroo Entertainment Co., Ltd. () is a South Korean independent record label and entertainment agency.  It is currently home to artists Supernova, Han Young, Kim Jong-kook, Ashgray, BONUSBaby, Euna Kim, Park Ji-hoon and actor Ha Seok-jin.

# List of Running Man episodes
Running Man (Korean: 런닝맨 ) is a South Korean variety show, part of SBS's "Good Sunday" lineup.  This show is classified as a game-variety show, where the MCs and guests complete missions in a landmark to win a race.  "Running Man" first aired on July 11, 2010.

# Yakel House and Union Brewery
The Yakel House and Union Brewery are a historic house and brewery complex located at 1421-1431 Pearl St. in Alton, Illinois.  Philip Yakel, a German immigrant, built the brewery soon after coming to America in 1836.  The brewery was the first in Alton and one of the city's earliest successful industries.  Yakel's son George, who eventually ran the brewery alongside his father, built the house in 1863; it was the family's second home at the site.  The brick home features a vernacular design influenced by German architectural tradition.  William Netzhammer, a brewer from St. Louis, purchased the brewery in 1882.  The Netzhammer family ran the brewery until it closed in 1952;, notably, the brewery continued production during Prohibition by making near beer.

# John Hair and Son
John Hair and Son was an English brewer based in Melbourne, Derbyshire.  It was founded in 1851 and acquired by Offiler's of Derby in 1954.

# Vaux Breweries
Vaux Breweries was a major brewer based in Sunderland, England.  It was listed on the London Stock Exchange.

# Chef &amp; Brewer
Chef & Brewer is a chain of around 127 licensed traditional pub restaurants in the United Kingdom, owned by the Greene King subsidiary, the Spirit Pub Company.  The concept is providing more up market pub food and those in the chain have been re-furbished.

# Agnes Bugge
Agnes Bugge (born before 1417) was an English brewer.  Bugge is notable because she was a women who was running a brewery in the 15th/16th century.  Usually wives assisted their husbands and their contribution is never identified in the records.  In Agnes' case her husband was a draper and therefore it becomes clear that it was Agnes who brewed.  This is noted in 1419/20 when the brewers were in dispute with the City of London.  The brewers agreed to create a fighting fund and Stephen paid the largest contribution for his wife's brewery.  Idonea Hatton's husband also made a contribution but in her case they had the brewery jointly.  19 of the 24 brewery's involved included women but the Bugge's brewery appeared to the only one operated by a woman, although it was noted that 80% of the breweries were run in part by a married woman.  When Stephen died it becomes clear how the law saw the situation as Stephen had to leave Agnes' brewery to her.  Coincidentally it is interesting to note that the funds raised won the case against the city of London.  At that time the Lord Mayor of London was Dick Whittington.

# Ruddles Brewery
Ruddles Brewery (G. Ruddle & Co) was an English brewery.  The brand is now owned by Greene King who still brew beers under the Ruddles name in Suffolk, although the current recipes are not those used at the original brewery.

# The Booth Brewing Co.
The Booth Brewing Co. is a microbrewery headquartered in Seoul, South Korea.  Sunghoo Yang, a former investment analyst, Heeyoon Kim, a former Korean medicine doctor, and Daniel Tudor, a journalist for The Economist founded the brewery in 2015, after operating a pizza pub since 2013 [].  They acquired the brewing facility in Eureka, California, previously owned by Lost Coast Brewery, in 2015.  They are well known for Taedonggang Pale Ale, a collaboration beer with Danish microbrewery Mikkeller, and also for being the second foreign craft brewer to produce beer in their own facility in the United States.

# Castle Rock Brewery
Castle Rock Brewery is a brewery and pub group based in Nottingham, Nottinghamshire.  It was originally set up as a joint venture with Bramcote Brewery.  Bramcote Brewery was wound up and a new company was set up, 50% owned by Tynemill and 50% owned by the previous owners of Bramcote Brewery, on a new site next to Tynemill’s pub, The Vat and Fiddle, located on Queensbridge road close to Nottingham railway station.  The Vat and Fiddle became the ‘Brewery Tap’, serving over 10 real ales at any one time, several of which are Castle Rock's.

# Mill Street Brewery
Mill Street Brewery is a brewery in Toronto, Canada that is a part of Anheuser–Busch InBev.  During its first decade of operation, as an independent brewer, Mill St. won several awards including Golden Tap Awards for Best Toronto Microbrewery ('04-'08) and Best Toronto Beer (for Tankhouse Ale: '04-'07), and was named "Canadian Brewery of the Year" at the Canadian Brewing Awards in 2007, 2008, and 2009.  It was purchased in 2015 by Canadian brewer Labatt Brewing Company, which in turn is owned by the global brewing giant Anheuser–Busch InBev.

# Greene King
Greene King is the UK's largest pub retailer and brewer.  It is based in Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk, England.  The company owns pubs, restaurants and hotels.  It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.

# Lisa Goes Gaga
"Lisa Goes Gaga" is the twenty-second and final episode of the twenty-third season of the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons".  It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 20, 2012.  In the episode, American singer-songwriter Lady Gaga makes a visit to Springfield, where all of its residents are in a state of depression.  Main character Lisa Simpson is arguably the most depressed person in the city, prompting Gaga to go out of her way to teach Lisa the meaning of happiness.

# Mike B. Anderson
Mike B. Anderson (born 1973), sometimes credited as Mikel B. Anderson, is an American television director who works on "The Simpsons" and has directed numerous episodes of the show, and was animated in "The Secret War of Lisa Simpson" as cadet Anderson.  While a college student, he directed the live action feature films "Alone in the T-Shirt Zone" (1986) and "Kamillions" (1989).  Since 1990, he has worked primarily in animation including being a consulting producer on the series, "The Oblongs", and story consultant on "Tripping the Rift".

# Yeardley Smith
Martha Maria Yeardley Smith ( ; born July 3, 1964) is a French-American actress, voice actress, writer, author, comedian, and painter.  She is best known for her long-running role as Lisa Simpson on the animated television series "The Simpsons".

# All About Lisa
"All About Lisa" is the twentieth episode and season finale of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> nineteenth season.  It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 18, 2008.  Lisa Simpson becomes Krusty the Clown's newest assistant and steals his spotlight.  She wins Entertainer of the Year at the Springfield Media awards, but is warned that with her sudden fame comes a new attitude towards others and herself.  Meanwhile, Homer and Bart bond over their newfound love of coin collecting.  The episode features narration by Sideshow Mel.  It was written by John Frink and directed by Steven Dean Moore.  Drew Carey guest voices as himself, appearing as a guest on Krusty's show.

# The Itchy &amp; Scratchy Show
The Itchy & Scratchy Show (often shortened as Itchy & Scratchy) is a running gag and fictional animated television series featured in the American animated television series "The Simpsons".  It usually appears as a part of "The Krusty the Clown Show", watched regularly by Bart Simpson and Lisa Simpson.  Itself an animated cartoon, "The Itchy & Scratchy Show" depicts a sadistic anthropomorphic blue mouse, Itchy (voiced by Dan Castellaneta), who repeatedly maims and kills an anthropomorphic, hapless threadbare black cat, Scratchy (voiced by Harry Shearer).  The cartoon first appeared in "The Tracey Ullman Show" short "The Bart Simpson Show", which originally aired November 20, 1988.  The cartoon's first appearance in "The Simpsons" was in the 1990 episode "There's No Disgrace Like Home".  Typically presented as 15-to-60-second-long cartoons, the show is filled with gratuitous violence.  "The Simpsons" also occasionally features characters who are involved with the production of "The Itchy & Scratchy Show", including Roger Meyers Jr. (voiced by Alex Rocco, and, later, Hank Azaria), who runs the studio and produces the show.

# Matt Groening
Matthew Abraham "Matt" Groening ( ; born February 15, 1954) is an American cartoonist, writer, producer, animator, and voice actor.  He is the creator of the comic strip "Life in Hell" (1977–2012) and the television series "The Simpsons" (1989–present), "Futurama" (1999–2003, 2008–2013), and the upcoming "Disenchantment" (2018).  "The Simpsons" has gone on to become the longest-running U.S. primetime-television series in history, as well as the longest-running animated series and sitcom.

# Ralph Wiggum
Ralph Wiggum is a recurring character on the animated series "The Simpsons", voiced by Nancy Cartwright.  The son of Police Chief Wiggum and a classmate of Lisa Simpson, Ralph is best known as the show's resident oddball, and is noted for his non sequiturs and erratic behavior.  His lines range from nonsensical, or bizarre interpretations of a current event, to surprisingly profound statements that go over people's heads; and his behavior varies between blissfully unaware, to dim-witted, to awkwardly spontaneous, even occasionally straightforward.  The very nature of the character has undergone seemingly differing interpretations over the years and within various media.

# Lisa's Rival
"Lisa's Rival" is the second episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> sixth season.  It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on September 11, 1994.  It was the first episode to be written by Mike Scully, and was directed by Mark Kirkland.  Winona Ryder guest stars as Allison Taylor, a new student at Springfield Elementary School.  Lisa Simpson begins to feel threatened by Allison because she is smarter, younger, and a better saxophone player than she is.  The episode's subplot sees Homer steal a large pile of sugar from a crashed truck, and begin selling it door-to-door.

# Lisa Simpson
Lisa Marie Simpson is a fictional character in the animated television series "The Simpsons".  She is the middle child and most intelligent of the Simpson family.  Voiced by Yeardley Smith, Lisa first appeared on television in "The Tracey Ullman Show" short "Good Night" on April 19, 1987.  Cartoonist Matt Groening created and designed her while waiting to meet James L. Brooks.  Groening had been invited to pitch a series of shorts based on his comic "Life in Hell", but instead decided to create a new set of characters.  He named the elder Simpson daughter after his younger sister Lisa Groening.  After appearing on "The Tracey Ullman Show" for three years, the Simpson family were moved to their own series on Fox, which debuted on December 17, 1989.

# The Secret War of Lisa Simpson
"The Secret War of Lisa Simpson" is the twenty-fifth and final episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> eighth season.  It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 18, 1997.  Bart gets sent to a military academy as punishment for bad behavior.  While visiting the academy, Lisa sees that the school is far more challenging than hers and she decides that she wants to attend as well.  It was directed by Mike B. Anderson, written by Richard Appel and featured Willem Dafoe in a guest spot as the school's commandant.

# Jordan Aviation
Jordan Aviation (PSC) is an airline based in Amman, Jordan.  It operates worldwide charter flights, provides wet lease services to major airlines seeking additional capacity and is also an important provider of air transportation for UN peacekeeping forces.  Its main base is Queen Alia International Airport (AMM/OJAM), Amman from where it operates its fleet of Wide Body and Narrow Body aircraft.  In addition it has its own MRO which forms part of is Operations & Technical Centre opened in October 2010.  Jordan Aviation is an IATA member and an IOSA certificated airline.  It is also a member of the Arab Air Carriers Organization – AACO, the International Air Carrier Association – IACA and the Flight Safety Foundation – [F

# Enimex
Enimex was an airline based in Tallinn, Estonia.  It operated cargo and passenger charter flights, and wet lease operations worldwide.  Its main base was Lennart Meri Tallinn Airport.

# Charles de Gaulle Airport
Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport (French: "Aéroport de Paris-Charles-de-Gaulle" , IATA: CDG, ICAO: LFPG ), also known as Roissy Airport (name of the local district), is the largest international airport in France.  It is named after Charles de Gaulle (1890–1970), leader of the Free French Forces during the Second World War, founder of the French Fifth Republic and President of France from 1959 to 1969.  Charles de Gaulle Airport is located within portions of several communes 25 km to the northeast of Paris.  Charles de Gaulle Airport serves as the principal hub for Air France as well as a European hub for fellow SkyTeam alliance partner Delta Air Lines.  Additionally, the airport serves as a focus city for low-cost carriers Vueling and Norwegian Air Shuttle.

# Eagle Aviation France
Eagle Aviation France was a charter airline based in Saint-Nazaire, France.  Its wet lease operations were based in Paris at Charles de Gaulle Airport.

# Vildanden
Vildanden AS ("The Wild Duck") was a virtual, regional airline based at Skien Airport, Geiteryggen in Norway, where it was the only airline.  With operations starting in 2005, it flew to Bergen, Trondheim and Stavanger using a Jetstream 32 and an ATR 42, which is wet leased from Danish Air Transport (DAT) and Helitrans.  Previously, the airline has also served Stockholm and Molde, and has also operated Saab 340 aircraft, operated by Coast Air, Air Aurora and Avitrans.  The airline hadbeen in conflict with Coast Air about terminating the wet lease agreement.  The company has had to be bailed out several times, including by the municipality, until it managed to make its first profit in 2009.  It ceased operations and filed for bankruptcy in January 2011.

# Phuket Air
Phuket Air (Phuket Airlines Co. Ltd) is an airline based in Bangkok, Thailand.  The airline currently specialises in leasing its fleet of Boeing 747 and 737 aircraft on an ACMI (Aircraft, Crews, Maintenance, Insurance) as well as wet lease basis to airlines worldwide needing extra passenger capacity.  Other services provided include international charter services, "ad hoc" wet leasing services, religious pilgrimage charters (Hajj/Umrah) and dry lease services.  Saudi Arabian Airlines is a major long term client of Phuket Air.  In the past, the airline provided scheduled domestic and international air services.  Its main base is at Suvarnabhumi Airport, Bangkok, with a hub at Phuket International Airport, Phuket.  The airline was an international scheduled carrier before it shifted its focus to the ACMI/wet lease market.

# Titan Airways
Titan Airways is a British charter airline founded in 1988 and based at London Stansted Airport.  The carrier specialises in short notice ACMI and wet lease operations as well as ad-hoc passenger and cargo charter services to tour operators, corporations, governments and the sports and entertainment sectors.  The company holds a United Kingdom Civil Aviation Authority Type A Operating Licence, permitting it to carry passengers, cargo and mail on aircraft with 20 or more seats and currently operates a fleet of 10 aircraft.

# Cargo 360
Cargo 360 was a cargo airline based in Seattle, Washington, USA.  It specialised in ACMI (Aircraft, Crew, Maintenance, and Insurance) wet lease operations.  Its main headquarters was Seattle-Tacoma International Airport.

# VIM Airlines
VIM Airlines (legally "VIM Avia") is a Russian airline headquartered in Moscow based at Domodedovo International Airport.  It offers international scheduled and charter operations for both passengers and cargo as well as wet lease services.

# Bishop International Airport
Bishop International Airport (IATA: FNT, ICAO: KFNT, FAA LID: FNT) is a commercial and general aviation airport located in Flint, Michigan.  It is named after banker and General Motors board member Arthur Giles Bishop (April 12, 1851 – January 22, 1944), who donated 220 acres of his farmland for the airport in 1928.  The third busiest airport in Michigan, it surpassed competitor MBS International Airport in terms of airline operations in 2002.  In 2007, 1,071,238 passengers used Bishop International Airport; in 2011, 938,914 passengers used the airport.  It is included in the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2017–2021, in which it is categorized as a small hub primary commercial service facility.  The airport is currently served by several passenger airlines: Allegiant Air, Southwest Airlines and Delta Air Lines operate mainline service out of the airport, as well as affiliates of Delta Connection, United Express and American Eagle.  Additionally, FedEx Express and a FedEx Feeder affiliate operate cargo services out of the airport.  Accompanying the airlines is fixed-base operator Av Flight that handles both general aviation and airline operations and the flight school American Wings Aviation.  Bishop International Airport is in southwestern Flint, and is surrounded by Flint Township to the north, east and west; and Mundy Township to the south.

# Oasis discography
The discography of the English rock band Oasis consists of seven studio albums, one live album, five compilation albums, six video albums, one extended play, twenty-nine singles, nineteen promotional singles and thirty-six music videos.  The band have sold an estimated 70 million records worldwide and been cited by "Guinness World Records" as the most successful act in the United Kingdom between the years 1995 and 2005.  Oasis was formed in 1991 by vocalist Liam Gallagher, guitarist Paul "Bonehead" Arthurs, bassist Paul "Guigsy" McGuigan and drummer Tony McCarroll – they were later joined by guitarist and songwriter Noel Gallagher.  The band signed to Creation Records in May 1993 and released their debut single "Supersonic" the following year; it peaked at number 31 in the United Kingdom.  Follow-up singles "Shakermaker" and "Live Forever" became UK top 15 hits, with the latter also attaining success in the United States. " Definitely Maybe", the band's debut studio album, topped the UK Albums Chart and went on to be certified seven times platinum by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI).

# List of songs recorded by Oasis
Oasis were an English rock band formed in Manchester in 1991.  Originally composed of vocalist Liam Gallagher, guitarists Noel Gallagher and Paul "Bonehead" Arthurs, bassist Paul "Guigsy" McGuigan and drummer Tony McCarroll, the band released their debut album "Definitely Maybe" in 1994, the material for which was entirely written by Noel Gallagher.  The album topped the UK Albums Chart, and was supported by the release of "Supersonic", "Shakermaker", "Live Forever" and "Cigarettes & Alcohol" as singles. Later in the year, the band released the standalone single "Whatever", which reached number 3 in the UK Singles Chart.

# Definitely Maybe
Definitely Maybe is the debut studio album by English rock band Oasis, released on 29 August 1994 by Creation Records.  It was an immediate commercial and critical success in the UK, having followed on the heels of singles "Supersonic", "Shakermaker" and "Live Forever".  It is their only full album to feature original drummer Tony McCarroll.

# Morning Glory?
(What's the Story) Morning Glory?  is the second studio album by English rock band Oasis, released on 2 October 1995 by Creation Records.  It was produced by Owen Morris and the group's guitarist Noel Gallagher.  The structure and arrangement style of the album were a significant departure from the group's previous record "Definitely Maybe".  Gallagher's compositions were more focused in balladry and placed more emphasis on huge choruses, with the string arrangements and more varied instrumentation on the record contrasting with the rawness of the group's debut album. " (What's the Story) Morning Glory?"  was the group's first album with drummer Alan White, who replaced Tony McCarroll.

# Definitely Maybe Tour
Definitely Maybe Tour was a world concert tour by English band Oasis in support of their hugely successful debut album "Definitely Maybe".  The tour, which spanned the UK, Europe, Japan, the US and Canada, included 143 shows over a period of several months in 1994 and 1995 amidst 10 different tour legs.  The tour started on 6 February 1994 with a short concert at Gleneagles, Scotland, and ended on 22 April 1995 at the Sheffield Arena, which featured an acoustic debut of the future hit Don't Look Back in Anger and was also the last concert to feature original drummer Tony McCarroll.

# Oasis
Oasis were an English rock band formed in Manchester in 1991.  Developed from an earlier group, the Rain, the band originally consisted of Liam Gallagher (vocals and tambourine), Paul "Bonehead" Arthurs (guitar), Paul "Guigsy" McGuigan (bass guitar), and Tony McCarroll (drums, percussion).  They were later joined by Liam's older brother Noel Gallagher (lead guitar and vocals) as a fifth member, becoming the band's settled line-up until April 1995.

# Don't Look Back in Anger
"Don't Look Back in Anger" is a song by the English rock band Oasis.  It was released on 19 February 1996 as the fifth single from their second studio album, "(What's the Story) Morning Glory? " (1995).  The song was written by the band's guitarist and main songwriter, Noel Gallagher.  It became the band's second single to reach number one on the UK Singles Chart, where it also went platinum.  "Don't Look Back in Anger" was also the first Oasis single with lead vocals by Noel (who had previously only sung lead on B-sides) instead of his brother, Liam.

# Alan White
Alan Victor White (born 26 May 1972 in Lewisham, South London) is an English rock drummer, best known as being the drummer of the English rock band Oasis from 1995 to 2004.  Before Oasis, he was the drummer of Starclub from 1991 to 1994.  He is the longest serving drummer in the band's history, performing on four studio albums, two compilation albums and one live album during his tenure.  He joined the band in May 1995 after the band's original drummer Tony McCarroll was removed from the band.  He was recommended to Noel Gallagher by Gallagher's friend Paul Weller.  Notably, Alan's brother Steve has been longtime drummer for Weller.  White left Oasis in early 2004 in somewhat unclear circumstances.  He was replaced by Zak Starkey, drummer of The Who and son of The Beatles' drummer Ringo Starr.

# List of Oasis band members
Oasis were an English rock band from Manchester.  Formed in 1991, the group originally featured Gallagher brothers Liam (lead vocals) and Noel (guitar, vocals), as well as guitarist and keyboardist Paul "Bonehead" Arthurs, bassist Paul "Guigsy" McGuigan and drummer Tony McCarroll.  After signing to Creation Records in 1993, the band released their debut album "Definitely Maybe" in 1994, which topped the UK Albums Chart and went on to sell over 15 million copies worldwide.  In April 1995, after the recording and release of the single "Some Might Say", McCarroll was fired from Oasis.  He was replaced by Alan White, who performed on the band's second album "(What's the Story) Morning Glory? ", released in 1995.  McGuigan briefly left the band during a tour in September 1995 and was temporarily replaced by Scott McLeod, although he returned a few weeks later.  The band's third album "Be Here Now" was released in 1997, following the previous two releases by topping the UK Albums Chart.

# List of awards and nominations received by Oasis
Oasis are a britpop band formed in Manchester by Liam Gallagher (vocals), Paul Arthurs (guitar), Paul McGuigan (bass) and Tony McCarroll (drums), who were soon joined by Liam's older brother Noel Gallagher (guitar, vocals).

# St. John's Regional Medical Center
St. John's Regional Medical Center is a hospital located in Oxnard, California in the United States, and is operated by Dignity Health, along with its sister hospital, St. John's Pleasant Valley Hospital in Camarillo, California.  The hospital was founded in 1912.  St. John's Regional Medical Center and St. John's Pleasant Valley Hospital offer comprehensive medical services, including 24-hour emergency medical and surgical services and care, cancer and oncology care and support, cardiovascular care, community outreach and screenings, diagnostic imaging services, laboratory services, maternity and women's services, neonatal intensive care, palliative care, patient and family education, rehabilitation services, spine and orthopedic care, weight loss surgery, wound healing and oxygen therapy, and more.  Together, St. John's Regional Medical Center and St. John's Pleasant Valley Hospital represent the largest acute-care health organization in Ventura County.  St. John's hospitals serve all of Ventura County and beyond, including the cities of Camarillo, Moorpark, Oxnard, Port Hueneme, Ventura, and Somis.

# Liberal arts education
The liberal arts (Latin: "artes liberales") are those subjects or skills that in classical antiquity were considered essential for a free person (Latin: "liberalis", "worthy of a free person") to know in order to take an active part in civic life, something that (for Ancient Greece) included participating in public debate, defending oneself in court, serving on juries, and most importantly, military service.  Grammar, logic, and rhetoric were the core liberal arts, while arithmetic, geometry, the theory of music, and astronomy also played a (somewhat lesser) part in education.

# Jack Kaiser
John Warren Kaiser (born October 6, 1926) is Athletics Director Emeritus at St. John's University in Queens, NY.  He was an American baseball player, college coach, and administrator.  As a player, he helped St. John's to the 1949 College World Series.  After a brief minor league career, he became head coach at St. John's and led the now-named St. John's Red Storm baseball team to eleven postseason appearances, including three trips to the College World Series in his 18-year career as head coach.  He then became athletic director at St. John's, and was instrumental in the establishment of the Big East Conference.  He was inducted into the ABCA Hall of Fame in 1979, and the Big East Conference Baseball Tournament Most Outstanding Player Award is named in his honor.  Jack Kaiser Stadium, home baseball field of the Red Storm, is also named in his honor.

# Aalborghus Gymnasium
Aalborghus Gymnasium is an upper secondary school in the city of Aalborg, in North Jutland in Denmark.  It offers both the traditional three-year program and also the two-year Higher Preparatory Examination (HF) program.  The subjects taught at the school range from Religion and Music to Spanish and Natural Geography.  Aalborghus Gymnasium attempts to focus on the musical and creative side of students as well as taking an international perspective on issues.  Students begin their studies at Aalborghus by selecting a stream of studies.  Each stream has two or three subjects that are the focus of the studies.  English/Social Studies is one example of a stream a student can select.

# St. John's High School
St. John's High School (SJHS) is a senior high school on Johns Island, South Carolina.  It is a part of the Charleston County School District.  St. John's is home to approximately 300 students and 30 faculty and staff.  St. John's school mascot is The Mighty Islanders, sporting royal blue and maroon as the school colors.  St. John's offers Advanced Placement and dual credit courses totaling at over 30 hours of offered college credit, as well as 3 career academies in Hospitality and Tourism, Computer Science, and Culinary Arts.  St. John's competes at the A level in football, volleyball, basketball (boys and girls), wrestling, soccer, track, baseball, and softball.  The Islanders also offer marching band, agriculture and green house, weightlifting, competitive academic team, and student council.

# St. John's College High School, Belize
St. John's College High School is a high school for boys situated in Belize City, Belize.  It was founded in 1887.  The High School exists to educate academically talented young men in a Jesuit environment of self-discipline, love of learning, and service to others.  The school 's curriculum is complemented by sports and extracurricular activities.  The third and fourth form classes follow the Caribbean Secondary Education Certificate (CSEC) curricula and sit the regionally administered examinations at the end of their fourth year.

# TriBond
TriBond is a board game that has sold over 3 million copies in 14 countries since its release in 1990.  It requires players to determine a common bond between three subjects.  It follows in the tradition of "Trivial Pursuit", "Outburst" and other adult boardgames that require a wide range of knowledge but "TriBond" requires some problem solving ability as well.

# St. John's College, Belize
St. John's College has three divisions, and a number of central academic centres and activities.  Through its three divisions, it offers a wide variety of liberal arts and science courses at the secondary, British A-level, and United States junior college levels.  St. John's College is a Roman Catholic institution in the Jesuit tradition, one of the oldest, largest, and most diverse educational institutions in Belize, founded by the Jesuits in 1887.

# When Patty Went to College
When Patty Went to College is Jean Webster's first novel, published in 1903.  It is a humorous look at life in an all-girls college at the turn of the 20th century.  Patty Wyatt, the protagonist of this story is a bright, fun loving, imperturbable girl who does not like to conform.  The book describes her many escapades on campus during her senior year at college.  Patty enjoys life on campus and uses her energies in playing pranks and for the entertainment of herself and her friends.  An intelligent girl, she uses creative methods to study only as much as she feels necessary.  Patty is, however, a believer in causes and a champion of the weak.  She goes out of her way to help a homesick freshman Olivia Copeland who believes she will be sent home when she fails three subjects in the examination.

# List of St. John's Seminary people
The list of St. John's Seminary (California) people is a compilation of lists of notable alumni, faculty, and current students of St. John's Seminary in Camarillo, California, United States.  St. John's Seminary grants graduate degrees for seminarians preparing for the priesthood, as well as a graduate degree for lay persons interested in pastoral ministry.  The St. John's Seminary College was the undergraduate division of the seminary before it closed in the early 21st century.  The table of notable alumni lists the date of graduation from St. John's college, seminary, or both, if applicable.  It is not unusual for seminarians to have received their undergraduate education at a different institution than their seminary training.

# A4 Holding
A4 Holding S.p.A. known as Gruppo A4 Holding (previously as Serenissima Group), is an Italian holding company based in Verona, Veneto region.  The company owned "Autostrada Brescia Verona Vicenza Padova" (100%), the operator of Brescia–Padua section of Autostrada A4 and Autostrada A31 (Rovigo via Vicenza to Piovene Rocchette), as well as an equity interests in Autostrada del Brennero, the operator of Autostrada A22 (Modena to Brenner Pass; 4.2327% stake via "Serenissima Partecipazioni" which A4 Holding owned 99.999% stake) and Autostrade Lombarde, the parent company of the operator of Autostrada A35 (Brescia to Milan; 4.90% stake via "Autostrada Brescia–Padova").

# Skelly Oil
Skelly Oil Company was a medium-sized oil company founded in 1919 by William Grove (Bill) Skelly, Chesley Coleman Herndon and Frederick A. Pielsticker in Tulsa, Oklahoma.  J. Paul Getty acquired control of the company during the 1930s.  Skelly Oil became part of Getty Oil Company, Mission Oil Company, Tidewater Oil Company.  It became defunct when absorbed by Getty Oil Company in 1974, and the abandoned Skelly brand logo was revived by Nimmons-Joliet Development Corp. in 2012.

# Robert Holding
Robert Earl Holding (November 29, 1926 – April 19, 2013) was an American businessman who owned Sinclair Oil Corporation, the Little America Hotels, the Grand America Hotel, the Westgate Hotel in San Diego, California (directed by Georg Hochfilzer), and two ski resorts, Sun Valley in central Idaho since 1977, and Snowbasin near Ogden, Utah, since 1984.

# Ahvaz Field
The Ahvaz oil field is an Iranian oil field located in Ahvaz, Khuzestan Province.  It was discovered in 1953 and developed by National Iranian Oil Company.  It began production in 1954.  Ahvaz field is one of the richest oil fields in the world with an estimated proven reserves are around , and production is centered on 750000 oilbbl/d .  The field is owned by state-owned National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC) and operated by National Iranian South Oil Company (NISOC).

# Little America, Wyoming
Little America is a census-designated place (CDP) in Sweetwater County, Wyoming, United States.  The population was 68 at the 2010 census.  The community got its name from the Little America motel, which was purposefully located in a remote location as a haven, not unlike the base camp the polar explorer Richard E. Byrd set up in the Antarctic in 1928.  However, being situated on a coast-to-coast highway and offering travel services, it thrived, launching a chain of travel facilities by the same name.  Its developer, Robert Earl Holding, died on April 19, 2013, with a personal net worth of over $3 billion.

# Aghajari oil field
The Aghajari oil field is an iranian oil field located in Khuzestan Province.  It was discovered in 1938 and developed by National Iranian Oil Company.  It began production in 1940 and produces oil.  The total proven reserves of the Aghajari oil field are around 30 billion barrels (3758×10tonnes), and production is centered on 300000 oilbbl/d .  The field is owned by state-owned National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC) and operated by National Iranian South Oil Company (NISOC).

# Carabobo Field
Carabobo is an oil field located in Venezuela's Orinoco Belt.  As one of the world's largest accumulations of recoverable oil, the recent discoveries in the Orinoco Belt have led to Venezuela holding the world's largest recoverable reserves in the world, surpassing Saudi Arabia in July 2010.  The Carabobo oil field is majority owned by Venezuela's national oil company, Petroleos de Venezuela SA (PDVSA).  Owning the majority of the Orinoco Belt, and its estimated 1.18 trillion barrels of oil in place, PDVSA is now the fourth largest oil company in the world.  The field is well known for its extra Heavy crude oils, having an average specific gravity between 4 and 16 °API.  The Orinoco Belt holds 90% of the world's extra heavy crude oils, estimated at 256 billion recoverable barrels.  While production is in its early development, the Carabobo field is expected to produce 400,000 barrels of oil per day.

# Sinclair Oil Corporation
Sinclair Oil Corporation is an American petroleum corporation, founded by Harry F. Sinclair on May 1, 1916, as the Sinclair Oil and Refining Corporation by combining the assets of 11 small petroleum companies.  Originally a New York corporation, Sinclair Oil reincorporated in Wyoming in 1976.  The corporation's logo features the silhouette of a large green dinosaur.

# 101 Ranch Oil Company
Founded in 1908 by oil exploration pioneer E. W. Marland, The 101 Ranch Oil Company was located on the Miller Brothers 101 Ranch and headquartered in Ponca City, Oklahoma.  The company’s 1911 oil discovery in North Eastern Oklahoma opened up oil development in a great region from Eastern Oklahoma west to Mervine, Newkirk, Blackwell, Billings and Garber and led to the founding of the Marland Oil Company, later renamed the Continental Oil Company, now known as Conoco.

# Rag Sefid oil field
The Rag Sefid oil field is an oil field located in Khuzestan Province, approximately 6 km in nearest distance from the Persian Gulf, southwest Iran.  It was discovered in 1964 and developed by National Iranian Oil Company and began production in 1966.  The total proven reserves of the Rag Sefid oil field are around 14,5 billion barrels, and production is centered on 180000 oilbbl/d .  The field is owned by state-owned National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC) and operated by National Iranian South Oil Company (NISOC).

# The Very Best of Macy Gray
The Very Best of Macy Gray is the first greatest hits album by American singer and songwriter Macy Gray, released on August 30, 2004 by Epic Records.  It contains all singles from Gray's first three studio albums, as well as two previously unreleased tracks (the single "Love Is Gonna Get You" and a cover of Aerosmith's 1975 song "Walk This Way"), three album tracks, three remixes, and the single "Demons", a collaboration with Fatboy Slim from his 2000 album "Halfway Between the Gutter and the Stars".  The album peaked at number 36 on the UK Albums Chart and charted moderately in other European countries.

# Behind the Player: Duff McKagan
Behind The Player: Duff McKagan is an Interactive Music Video featuring Guns N' Roses and Velvet Revolver bassist Duff McKagan

# Kissed It
"Kissed It" is a song by the American soul singer Macy Gray.  It is the second US single from her fifth album "The Sellout".  The song was released digitally on May 24, 2010 in the United States and features the musicians of Velvet Revolver and Guns N' Roses, Slash, Duff McKagan and Matt Sorum.  In September 2010, the song peaked on the Italian Airplay Chart at number 62.

# Loaded
Loaded (also known as Duff McKagan's Loaded) is an American rock band from Seattle, Washington, formed in 1999.  Since 2001, the band's line-up has included vocalist and rhythm guitarist Duff McKagan (Velvet Revolver and Guns N' Roses), lead guitarist Mike Squires (formerly of Nevada Bachelors and Alien Crime Syndicate) and bassist Jeff Rouse (formerly of Alien Crime Syndicate, Sirens Sister, and Vendetta Red).  Since 2009, Isaac Carpenter (formerly of Loudermilk, Gosling, and The Exies) has been the band's drummer, replacing Geoff Reading (formerly of New American Shame and Green Apple Quick Step).

# Velvet Revolver
Velvet Revolver was an American hard rock supergroup consisting of former Guns N' Roses members Slash (lead guitar), Duff McKagan (bass, backing vocals), and Matt Sorum (drums, backing vocals), alongside Dave Kushner (rhythm guitar) formerly of punk band Wasted Youth and Scott Weiland formerly of Stone Temple Pilots.  Weiland left the band to rejoin Stone Temple Pilots in 2008.

# Seattlehead
"Seattlehead" (also typeset Seattle Head) is a song written by American musician Duff McKagan more popularly known as a song by McKagan's band Loaded, from the album "Dark Days", but has also featured on earlier releases by Neurotic Outsiders as well as McKagan's unreleased solo album "Beautiful Disease".

# Loaded discography
Loaded (also known as Duff McKagan's Loaded) is an American hard rock band from Seattle, Washington, formed in 1999.  Since 2001, the band's line-up has included vocalist and rhythm guitarist Duff McKagan (Velvet Revolver and formerly of Guns N' Roses), lead guitarist Mike Squires (formerly of Nevada Bachelors and Alien Crime Syndicate) and bassist Jeff Rouse (formerly of Alien Crime Syndicate, Sirens Sister and Vendetta Red).  Since 2009, Isaac Carpenter (formerly of Loudermilk, Gosling and The Exies) has been the band's drummer replacing Geoff Reading (formerly of New American Shame and Green Apple Quick Step).  The band has released 3 studio albums, 1 live album, 1 extended play, 4 singles and 4 music videos.

# Beautiful Disease
Beautiful Disease was to be the second solo album released by then ex-Guns N' Roses's bassist Duff McKagan in 1999.  However, it was shelved after a merger between McKagan's parent label Polygram and Universal.

# Demons
"Demons" is a song by English big beat musician Fatboy Slim, featuring Grammy Award-winning American R&B-soul singer Macy Gray.  The song was released as a single from Slim's 2000 album "Halfway Between the Gutter and the Stars", and later appeared on Gray's 2004 greatest hits compilation "The Very Best of Macy Gray" as well as Slim's 2006 greatest hits compilation "The Greatest Hits - Why Try Harder".  It contains elements of Bill Withers' 1973 song "I Can't Write Left-Handed".  The gospel group The Blind Boys of Alabama covered the song on their 2005 album "Atom Bomb".  Recently, the song was featured in the Netflix series Sense8.

# Neurotic Outsiders
Neurotic Outsiders was a supergroup founded in 1995, consisting of Steve Jones of the Sex Pistols, Matt Sorum and Duff McKagan of Guns N' Roses, and John Taylor of Duran Duran.  The first line-up featured Billy Idol and Steve Stevens (together with McKagan and Sorum), but they were soon replaced by Jones and Taylor.  The group was originally called Neurotic Boy Outsiders.

# Linda Ronstadt
Linda Maria Ronstadt (born July 15, 1946) is an American popular music and country music singer.  She has earned 11 Grammy Awards, three American Music Awards, two Academy of Country Music awards, an Emmy Award, and an ALMA Award, and many of her albums have been certified gold, platinum or multiplatinum in the United States and internationally.  She has also earned nominations for a Tony Award and a Golden Globe award.  She was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in April 2014.  On July 28, 2014, she was awarded the National Medal of Arts and Humanities.

# They Call the Wind Maria
"They Call the Wind Maria" is an American popular song with lyrics written by Alan J. Lerner and music by Frederick Loewe for their 1951 Broadway musical, "Paint Your Wagon", which is set in the California Gold Rush.  Rufus Smith originally sang the song on Broadway, and Joseph Leader was the original singer in London's West End.  It quickly became a runaway hit, and during the Korean War, the song was among the "popular music listened to by the troops".  Vaughan Monroe and his Orchestra recorded the song in 1951, and it was among the "popular hit singles at the record stores" that year.  It has since become a standard, performed by many notable singers across several genres of popular music.  A striking feature of the song in the original orchestration (also used in many cover versions), is a driving, staccato rhythm, played on the string instruments, that evokes a sense of restless motion.

# Eddy Arnold
Richard Edward "Eddy" Arnold (May 15, 1918 – May 8, 2008) was an American country music singer who performed for six decades.  He was a Nashville sound (country/popular music) innovator of the late 1950s, and scored 147 songs on the "Billboard" country music charts, second only to George Jones.  He sold more than 85 million records.  A member of the Grand Ole Opry (beginning 1943) and the Country Music Hall of Fame (beginning 1966), Arnold ranked 22nd on Country Music Television's 2003 list of "The 40 Greatest Men of Country Music."

# Albert Campbell
Albert Charles Campbell (August 19, 1872 – January 25, 1947) was an American popular music singer who recorded between the late 1890s and the 1920s.  He was best known for his many duo recordings with Henry Burr, and as a member of the Peerless Quartet and other vocal groups, but also recorded successfully as a solo singer both under his own name and under various pseudonyms including Frank Howard.

# J. D. Souther
John David Souther, known professionally as J.D. Souther (born November 2, 1945) is an American singer and songwriter.  He has written and co-written songs recorded by Linda Ronstadt and the Eagles.

# Riddles in the Sand
Riddles in the Sand is the thirteenth studio album by American popular music singer-songwriter Jimmy Buffett.  It was released in September 1984 as MCA 5512 and was produced by noted country music producer Jimmy Bowen and represented a concerted shift toward a more country sound by Buffett.  He appeared on the album's cover in typical country singer garb and promoted the album at Fan Fair country music festival in Nashville, Tennessee.  The album was originally to have been titled "Gulf and Western Music" reflecting the fusion of musical styles seen in much of Buffett's music often called gulf and western music.  In the album's liner notes, Jim Harrison says, "This album has a musical range expanding in an arc from Bob Wills to Bob Marley with the Gulf somehow always there."

# One Particular Harbour
One Particular Harbour is the twelfth studio album by American popular music singer-songwriter Jimmy Buffett.  It was released in September 1983 as MCA 5447 and was produced by Buffett and Michael Utley.  It was Buffett's first involvement producing an album.  Stars On The Water was written by and a minor hit for country music songsmith Rodney Crowell and also covered by Texan country music singer George Strait on his 2001 album, "The Road Less Traveled".

# Andy Williams
Howard Andrew Williams (December 3, 1927 – September 25, 2012) was an American popular music singer.  He recorded 44 albums in his career, 15 of which have been gold-certified and three of which have been platinum-certified.  He was also nominated for six Grammy Awards.  He hosted "The Andy Williams Show", a television variety show, from 1962 to 1971, and numerous TV specials.  "The Andy Williams Show" garnered three Emmy awards.  The Moon River Theatre in Branson, Missouri, is named after the song he is most known for singing—Johnny Mercer and Henry Mancini's "Moon River".  He sold more than 100 million records worldwide, including 10.5 million certified units in the United States.

# Jimmie Rodgers
James Frederick Rodgers (born September 18, 1933, Camas, Washington) is an American popular music singer.  Rodgers had a brief run of mainstream popularity in the late 1950s with a string of crossover singles that ranked highly on the "Billboard Pop Singles", "Hot Country and Western Sides" and "Hot Rhythm and Blues Sides" charts; in the 1960s, Rodgers had more modest successes with adult contemporary music.

# The Delmore Brothers
Alton Delmore (December 25, 1908 – June 8, 1964) and Rabon Delmore (December 3, 1916 – December 4, 1952), billed as The Delmore Brothers, were country music pioneers and stars of the Grand Ole Opry in the 1930s.  The Delmore Brothers, together with other brother duos such as the Louvin Brothers, the Blue Sky Boys, the Monroe Brothers (Birch, Charlie and Bill Monroe), the McGee Brothers, and The Stanley Brothers, had a profound impact on the history of country music and American popular music.

# Zeitschrift für celtische Philologie
The Zeitschrift für celtische Philologie is an academic journal of Celtic studies, which was established in 1897 by the German scholars Kuno Meyer and Ludwig Christian Stern.  It was the first journal devoted exclusively to Celtic languages and literature and the oldest significant journal of Celtic studies still in existence today.  The emphasis is on (early) Irish language and literature and Continental Celtic languages, but other aspects of Celtic philology and literature (including modern literature) also receive attention.

# Insular Celtic languages
Insular Celtic languages are a group of Celtic languages that originated in Britain and Ireland, in contrast to the Continental Celtic languages of mainland Europe and Anatolia.  All surviving Celtic languages are from the Insular Celtic group, including that which is now spoken in Continental Europe; the Continental Celtic languages are extinct.  The six Insular Celtic languages of modern times can be divided into:

# Alexei Kondratiev
Alexei Kondratiev (1949–2010) was an American author, linguist, and teacher of Celtic languages, folklore and culture.  He taught the Irish language and Celtic history at the Irish Arts Center in Manhattan, New York from 1985 until his death on May 28, 2010.  Nine editions of his book, "The Apple Branch", were published in English and Spanish between 1998 and 2004.  At various times, he taught all six of the living Celtic languages.

# Celtic studies
Celtic studies or Celtology is the academic discipline occupied with the study of any sort of cultural output relating to the Celtic people.  This ranges from linguistics, literature and art history, archaeology and history, the focus lying on the study of the various Celtic languages, living and extinct.  The primary areas of focus are the six Celtic languages currently in use: Irish, Scottish Gaelic, Manx, Welsh, Cornish, and Breton.

# Continental Celtic languages
The Continental Celtic languages are the Celtic languages, now extinct, that were spoken on the continent of Europe, as distinguished from the Insular Celtic languages of the British Isles and Brittany.  "Continental Celtic" is a geographic, not a linguistic, grouping of the ancient Celtic languages.  The Continental Celtic languages were spoken by the people known to Roman and Greek writers as "Keltoi", "Celtae", "Galli" and "Galatae".  These languages were spoken in an arc stretching across from Iberia in the west to the Balkans and Anatolia in the east.

# Celtic nations
The Celtic nations are territories in western Europe where Celtic languages or cultural traits have survived.  The term "nation" is used in its original sense to mean a people who share a common identity and culture and are identified with a traditional territory.

# Journal of Celtic Linguistics
The Journal of Celtic Linguistics is a peer-reviewed annual academic journal established in 1992 with the goal of encouraging and publishing original linguistic research in the Celtic languages.  The journal is published by the University of Wales Press, but has specialist editors in all six Celtic languages.  The current editor-in-chief, since volume 16, is Simon Rodway (Aberystwyth University), who replaced Graham Isaac (National University of Ireland, Galway).

# Amazonian languages
Amazonian languages is the term used to refer to the indigenous languages of "Greater Amazonia."  This area is significantly larger than the Amazon and extends from the Atlantic coast all the way to the Andes, while its southern border is usually said to be the Paraná.  The region is inhabited by societies that share many cultural traits but whose languages are characterized by great diversity.  There are about 330 extant languages in Greater Amazonia, almost half of which have fewer than 500 speakers.  Meanwhile, only Guajiro has a six-digit number of speakers (about 300,000).  Of the 330 total languages, about fifty are isolates, while the remaining ones belong to about 25 different families.  Most of the posited families have few members.  It is this distribution of many small and historically unrelated speech communities that makes Amazonia one of the most linguistically diverse regions in the world.  The precise reasons for this unusual diversity have not yet been conclusively determined, but it is noteworthy that Amazonian languages seem to have had fewer than 10,000 native speakers even before the invasion of European colonists wrought havoc on the societies by which they were spoken.  Despite the large-scale diversity, the long-term contact among many of the languages of Greater Amazonia has created similarities between many neighboring languages that are not genetically related.  The small tribes can speak English but that would be used as one of their secondary languages

# Celtic art
Celtic art is associated with the peoples known as Celts; those who spoke the Celtic languages in Europe from pre-history through to the modern period, as well as the art of ancient peoples whose language is uncertain, but have cultural and stylistic similarities with speakers of Celtic languages.

# Pan Celtic Festival
The Pan Celtic Festival (Irish: "Féile Pan Cheilteach" ) is a Celtic-language music festival held annually in the week following Easter, since its inauguration in 1971.  The first Pan Celtic Festival took place in Killarney, County Kerry, Ireland.  Its aim is to promote the modern Celtic languages and cultures and artists from all six Celtic nations: Brittany, Cornwall, Ireland, Isle of Man, Scotland and Wales.

# Batman
Batman: Original Motion Picture Score is the score album for the 1989 film "Batman" by Danny Elfman.  According to the "Batman" DVD Special Edition, Elfman said that producer Jon Peters was not sure about him as a composer until Tim Burton made him play the main titles.  Elfman admitted he was stunned when Peters announced that the score would be released on its own album, as releasing a separate score album for a film was something that was rarely done in the 1980s.  Elfman's "The Batman Theme" went on to become an iconic piece.  It served as the basis for the theme music of "", which premiered in 1992, although this was later changed.  Some parts of the Elfman score are also heard in "", "" and "".  Parts are also played in the queue, and on the station platform of Batman the Ride at various Six Flags theme parks.

# Thomas Newman
Thomas Montgomery Newman (born October 20, 1955) is an American composer best known for his many film scores.

# Suicide Squad
Suicide Squad: The Album is the soundtrack album to the film of the same name.  The album was released on August 5, 2016, by Atlantic Records and Warner Bros.  Records.  A separate film score album, titled Suicide Squad (Original Motion Picture Score) and composed by Steven Price, was released on August 8, 2016, by WaterTower Music.  The digital edition of the film score album contains eight bonus tracks.  It received mixed to positive reviews by critics, and the Collector's Edition received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Compilation Soundtrack for Visual Media at the 2017 ceremony.  It won 2017 Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards for Favorite Soundtrack.

# Saw V: Original Motion Picture Score
Saw V: Original Motion Picture Score is the film score to "Saw V".  The released score has 61 tracks, nine of which are alternates.  Out of the 61 released tracks, 49 were featured in the film.

# Small Soldiers
Small Soldiers (Music from the Motion Picture) and Small Soldiers (Original Motion Picture Score) are the soundtrack and score to the film "Small Soldiers".

# Iron Eagle
Iron Eagle: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack for the TriStar Pictures film "Iron Eagle", released on July 23, 1986 by Capitol Records.  A separate film score by Basil Poledouris titled Iron Eagle: Original Motion Picture Score was released on July 9, 2008 by Varèse Sarabande.

# American Beauty: Original Motion Picture Score
American Beauty: Original Motion Picture Score is the original score for the 1999 film composed by Thomas Newman.

# 22 Jump Street
22 Jump Street (Original Motion Picture Score) is the official score album for the 2014 Columbia Pictures film "22 Jump Street" featuring music by composer Mark Mothersbaugh.  The album was first released by La La Land Records on September 23, 2014 as part of a limited edition 2-CD set which also featured score from 2012 film "21 Jump Street".  The "22 Jump Street" score album was later released digitally as a standalone album by Madison Gate Records.

# The Fate of the Furious
The Fate of the Furious: Original Motion Picture Score is the original film score album of the 2017 action film of the same name.  It was released by the Universal Music Group on April 28, 2017.  The score was written and composed by Brian Tyler, who also wrote and composed the musical score for the third, fourth, fifth and seventh installments.

# Beauty and the Beast
Beauty and the Beast: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the official soundtrack album to the 1991 Disney animated feature film, "Beauty and the Beast".  Originally released on October 29, 1991, by Walt Disney Records, the album's first half – tracks 2 to 9 – generally contains the film's musical numbers, all of which were written by composer Alan Menken and lyricist Howard Ashman, while its latter half – tracks 10 to 14 – features its musical score, composed solely by Menken.  While the majority of the album's content remains within the musical theatre genre, its songs have also been influenced by French, classical, pop and Broadway music.  Credited to Various Artists, "Beauty and the Beast: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack" features performances by the film's main cast – Paige O'Hara, Richard White, Jesse Corti, Jerry Orbach, Angela Lansbury and Robby Benson – in order of appearance.  Additionally, the album features recording artists Celine Dion and Peabo Bryson, who perform a pop rendition of the film's title and theme song, "Beauty and the Beast", which simultaneously serves as the soundtrack's only single.

# Here
"Here" is a popular song, with music written by Harold Grant and lyrics by Dorcas Cochran, published in 1954.  (Most sources show music and lyrics by both, but Cochran was a lyricist and Grant a composer.)  The melody was adapted from the operatic aria, ""Caro nome,"" from the opera "Rigoletto" by Giuseppe Verdi.

# Beautiful Young Minds
Beautiful Young Minds was a documentary first shown at the BRITDOC Festival on 26 July 2007 and first broadcast on BBC 2 on 14 October 2007.  The documentary follows the selection process and training for the U.K. team to compete in the 2006 International Mathematical Olympiad (IMO), as well as the actual event in Slovenia.  Many of the young mathematicians featured in the film had a form of autism, which the documentary links to mathematical ability.  The team goes on to win numerous medals at the IMO, including four silver and one bronze.  It was directed by Morgan Matthews, edited by Joby Gee and featured music by Sam Hooper.  It was also screened at the Bath Film Festival in October 2007.  The documentary inspired the 2014 film X+Y, which was also directed by Morgan Matthews, based on IMO participant Daniel Lightwing.

# Joby Talbot
Joby Talbot (born 25 August 1971) is a British composer.  He has written for a wide variety of purposes and an accordingly broad range of styles, including instrumental and vocal concert music, film and television scores, pop arrangements and works for dance.  He is therefore known to sometimes disparate audiences for quite different works.

# Robin Hood
Robin Hood is an upcoming American action-adventure film directed by Otto Bathurst and written by Joby Harold, Peter Craig, and David James Kelly based on the tale of Robin Hood.  The film stars Taron Egerton, Jamie Foxx, Eve Hewson, Ben Mendelsohn, Jamie Dornan, Tim Minchin, Björn Bengtsson, and Paul Anderson.  It will be released by Lionsgate's Summit Entertainment in all IMAX theatres on September 21, 2018.

# King Arthur: Legend of the Sword
King Arthur: Legend of the Sword is a 2017 epic fantasy film directed by Guy Ritchie and written by Ritchie, Joby Harold and Lionel Wigram, inspired by Arthurian legends.  The film stars Charlie Hunnam as the eponymous character, with Jude Law, Àstrid Bergès-Frisbey, Djimon Hounsou, Aidan Gillen and Eric Bana in supporting roles.

# Blog Wars
Blog Wars is a 2006 documentary film about the rise of political blogging and its influence on the 2006 midterm Connecticut senate election.  Original musical score is composed by Samuel Sim.

# Awake
Awake is a 2007 American conspiracy thriller film written and directed by Joby Harold.  It stars Hayden Christensen, Jessica Alba, Terrence Howard and Lena Olin.  The film was released in the United States and Canada on November 30, 2007.

# Samuel Sim
Samuel Sim is a film and television composer.  He first gained recognition with his award winning score for the BBC drama series "Dunkirk".  Since then he has written the music for a wide variety of film and television productions, most recently scoring the film "Awake" for The Weinstein Company and the BBC/HBO drama series "House of Saddam".  His most recent acclaimed music is the soundtrack for Home Fires.  Home Fires (Music from the Television Series) released May 6, 2016 by Sony Classical Records.

# Gidget Goes to Rome
Gidget Goes to Rome is a 1963 Columbia Pictures Eastmancolor feature film starring Cindy Carol as the archetypal high school teen surfer girl originally created by Sandra Dee in the 1959 film "Gidget".  The film is the third of three Gidget films directed by Paul Wendkos and expands upon Gidget's romance with boyfriend Moondoggie.  The screenplay was written by Ruth Brooks Flippen based on characters created by Frederick Kohner.  Veterans of previous Gidget films making appearances include James Darren as "Moondoggie", Joby Baker, and Jean "Jeff" Donnell as Gidget's mom, Mrs. Lawrence.  The film has been released to VHS and DVD.

# By the Beautiful Sea
"By the Beautiful Sea" is a popular song published in 1914, with music written by Harry Carroll and lyrics written by Harold R. Atteridge.  The sheet music was published by Shapiro, Bernstein & Co.

# Downtown Brooklyn Cultural District
The Brooklyn Cultural District (formerly known as the BAM-Downtown Brooklyn Cultural District) is a $100 million development project that focuses on the arts, public spaces and affordable housing in Fort Greene, Brooklyn, New York.  The project reflected the joint efforts of New York City's Economic Development Corporation, the Department of Cultural Affairs, the Department of Housing Preservation and Development, the Department of City Planning, and the Downtown Brooklyn Partnership to continue to develop the Brooklyn neighborhood area.  Joining the area's longtime institutional stakeholders (BAM, the Brooklyn Museum and the Brooklyn Public Library) are new homes for Mark Morris Dance Group, Theatre for a New Audience (TFANA), UrbanGlass and BRIC Arts and the BAM's Fisher Building.

# Carlene LeFevre
Carlene LeFevre is a competitive eater from Henderson, Nevada.  She and her husband, Rich LeFevre, are said to form the "First Family of Competitive Eating" in spite of having normal weights and ages around 60, and are both top ranked members of the International Federation of Competitive Eating.  The childless couple has combined to take two of the top seven places in Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest in 2003, 2004, and 2005.  She is nicknamed "The Madam of Etiquette" for her relative degree of decorum while consuming mass quantities of food quickly.  Her trademark technique is called the "Carlene Pop," in which she bounces up and down while eating to get the food to settle.

# Brooklyn Grange
Brooklyn Grange is a 2.5-acre organic urban rooftop farm in New York City, growing high quality vegetables and honey for local restaurants, markets, and community-supported agriculture.  The farms span across two rooftops, one on a 43,000 sq. ft. building straddling Astoria and Long Island City, and the other atop the Brooklyn Navy Yard – the world’s largest rooftop soil farm.  Together, they produce over 40,000 lbs.  of organically-grown vegetables each year.  The Grange also operates New York City’s largest apiary, with over thirty naturally-managed honey beehives, which yields approximately 1,500 pounds of honey annually.  It was started in the spring of 2010 by transplanted Wisconsinite Ben Flanner, now President and Head Farmer, with the help of Anastasia Plakias, current Vice President, and Gwen Schantz, current Chief Operating Officer.  The group took out loans, contributed their own money and found community investors to fund the project.  The Brooklyn Navy Yard farm was financed in part by at $592,730 grant from the NYCDEP's Green Infrastructure Grant Program.  In addition to growing and distributing local vegetables and herbs, Brooklyn Grange provides urban farming and green roof consulting and installation services to clients worldwide and partner with numerous non-profit organizations throughout New York to promote healthy and strong local communities.

# Rich LeFevre
Rich LeFevre (nickname "The Locust") is a competitive eater from Henderson, Nevada.  Rich and his wife, Carlene LeFevre, are said to form the "First Family of Competitive Eating" in spite of having normal weights and ages around 60, and are both top ranked members of the International Federation of Competitive Eating.  The childless couple has combined to take two of the top seven places in Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest in 2003, 2004, and 2005.  He competed at Wing Bowl XIV in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in which he placed second behind Joey Chestnut, another IFOCE champion.

# List of bus routes in Brooklyn
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA) operates a number of bus routes in Brooklyn, New York, United States; one minor route is privately operated under a city franchise.  Many of them are the direct descendants of streetcar lines (see list of streetcar lines in Brooklyn); the ones that started out as bus routes were almost all operated by the Brooklyn Bus Corporation, a subsidiary of the Brooklyn–Manhattan Transit Corporation, until the New York City Board of Transportation took over on June 5, 1940.  Of the 55 local Brooklyn routes operated by the New York City Transit Authority, roughly 35 are the direct descendants of one or more streetcar lines, and most of the others were introduced in full or in part as new bus routes by the 1930s.  Only the eastern section of the B82 (then the B50), the B83, and the B84 were created by New York City Transit from scratch, in 1978, 1966, and 2013, respectively.

# Sports in New York
New York has two Major League Baseball teams, the New York Yankees (based in the Bronx) and the New York Mets (based in Queens).  New York is home to three National Hockey League franchises: the New York Rangers in Manhattan, the New York Islanders in Brooklyn and the Buffalo Sabres in Buffalo.  New York has two National Basketball Association teams, the New York Knicks in Manhattan, and the Brooklyn Nets in Brooklyn.  New York has one Major League Soccer team: New York City FC.  Although the New York Red Bulls represent the New York metropolitan area they play in Red Bull Arena, located in Harrison, New Jersey.

# Queens
Queens is the easternmost and largest in area of the five boroughs of New York City.  It is geographically adjacent to the borough of Brooklyn at the southwestern end of Long Island, and to Nassau County farther east on Long Island; in addition, Queens shares water borders with the boroughs of Manhattan and the Bronx.  Coterminous with Queens County since 1899, the borough of Queens is the second-largest in population (after Brooklyn), with a census-estimated 2,333,054 residents in 2016, approximately 48% of them foreign-born.  Queens County also is the second-most populous county in the U.S. state of New York, behind the neighboring borough of Brooklyn, which is coterminous with Kings County.  Queens is the fourth-most densely populated county among New York City's boroughs, as well as in the United States.  If each of New York City's boroughs were an independent city, Queens also would be the nation's fourth most populous, after Los Angeles, Chicago, and Brooklyn.  Queens is the most ethnically diverse urban area in the world.

# Brooklyn Heights
Brooklyn Heights is an affluent residential neighborhood within the New York City borough of Brooklyn.  Originally referred to as Brooklyn Village, it has been a prominent area of Brooklyn since 1834.  The neighborhood is noted for its low-rise architecture and its many brownstone rowhouses, most of them built prior to the Civil War.  It also has an abundance of notable churches and other religious institutions.  Brooklyn's first art gallery, the Brooklyn Arts Gallery, was opened in Brooklyn Heights in 1958.  In 1965, a large part of Brooklyn Heights was protected from unchecked development by the creation of the Brooklyn Heights Historic District, the first such district in New York City.  The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1966.

# Fort Greene, Brooklyn
Fort Greene is a neighborhood in the New York City borough of Brooklyn.  Part of Brooklyn Community Board 2 and served by the New York City Police Department's 88th Precinct, Fort Greene is listed on the New York State Registry and on the National Register of Historic Places, and is a New York City–designated Historic District.  It is located in northwest Brooklyn in the area known as South Brooklyn, just across from Lower Manhattan and north of Prospect Park.

# Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest
The Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest is an annual American hot dog competitive eating competition.  It is held each year on Independence Day at Nathan's Famous Corporation's original, and best-known restaurant at the corner of Surf and Stillwell Avenues in Coney Island, a neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York City.

# Adrian Mannarino
Adrian Mannarino (born 29 June 1988) is a French professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 31 in men's singles by the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP).  He has a career-high singles ranking of world No. 27 (July 2015) and was the singles runner-up in three ATP World Tour tournaments - Auckland, Bogotá and Antalya.  Mannarino has achieved victories over Stan Wawrinka, Milos Raonic, Juan Martín del Potro, Gilles Simon, Juan Mónaco, Philipp Kohlschreiber and Gaël Monfils.

# 2010 US Open – Men's Singles
Juan Martín del Potro was the defending champion, but chose not to participate this year, after undergoing a wrist operation in May and only starting to practice again in August.  Del Potro was the third man in the Open Era not to defend his US Open title, after Ken Rosewall in 1971 (due to conflicts between the World Championship Tennis (WCT) and the International Lawn Tennis Federation (ILTF)), and Pete Sampras in 2003 (who unofficially retired after the 2002 final).  For the first time in U.S. Open history, no American player was seeded in the top 8, this was reflected in the result.

# Juan Martín del Potro
Juan Martín del Potro (] , born 23 September 1988), also known as Delpo is an Argentinian professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 24 in men's singles by the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP).  His biggest achievement has been winning the 2009 US Open, defeating Rafael Nadal in the semifinal and 5-time defending champion Roger Federer in the final.  He was the first to defeat both Federer and Nadal during the same major and was the only man outside the Big Four to win a major between the 2005 French Open and the 2013 US Open, a span of 35 tournaments.  He is also the second Argentine and the fifth-youngest man to win the US Open in the Open Era.  Other career highlights include winning the bronze medal in men's singles at the 2012 London Olympics and the silver medal at the 2016 Rio Olympics and being part of his country's successful Davis Cup team; but his career has also been hampered by a succession of wrist injuries.

# 2009 US Open – Men's Singles
Roger Federer was the five-time defending champion, but was defeated by Juan Martín del Potro in the final, 3–6, 7–6, 4–6, 7–6, 6–2.  This was del Potro's first major title.

# Juan Martín del Potro career statistics
This is a list of the main career statistics of Argentine professional tennis player, Juan Martín del Potro.  To date, Del Potro has won 19 ATP singles titles, including one Grand Slam singles title at the 2009 US Open.  He was also the runner-up at the 2009 ATP World Tour Finals, a semi-finalist at the 2009 French Open and 2013 Wimbledon Championships, a quarterfinalist at the Australian Open in 2009 and 2012, a bronze medalist at the 2012 London Olympics, and a silver medalist at the 2016 Rio Olympics.  On January 11, 2010, Del Potro achieved a career high singles ranking of world No. 4 for the first time.

# 2017 Laver Cup
On 24 August 2016, Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal were the first of six players to confirm their participation for team Europe.  On 15 May 2017, more than eight months later, Milos Raonic was the first of six players to confirm his participation for the World team.  By 24 August 2017, all six players from each team had been chosen: Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal, Alexander Zverev, Marin Čilić, Dominic Thiem, and Tomáš Berdych for team Europe, and Milos Raonic, John Isner, Jack Sock, Sam Querrey, Juan Martín del Potro, and Denis Shapovalov for team World.  Shortly afterwards Raonic withdrew and was replaced by Nick Kyrgios.  Later Frances Tiafoe took the place of del Potro who had also withdrawn.

# 2016 Davis Cup
The 2016 Davis Cup was the 105th edition of the Davis Cup, a tournament between national teams in men's tennis.  It was sponsored by BNP Paribas.  From this season's tournament the deciding set of each match would be settled by a tiebreak at 6 games all rather than playing an advantage set until a player or a team were two games clear.  Argentina won their first Davis Cup title, after 4 runner-up finishes, defeating Croatia in the final.  Federico Delbonis defeated Ivo Karlović in the final match to give Argentina its first Davis Cup title, after a huge comeback from Juan Martín del Potro against Marin Čilić in the fourth match.

# 2009 Heineken Open
The 2009 Heineken Open is a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts.  It is the 34th edition of the Heineken Open, and part of the ATP World Tour 250 series of the 2009 ATP Tour.  It took place at the ASB Tennis Centre in Auckland, New Zealand, from 12 January through 17 January 2008.  First-seeded Juan Martín del Potro won the singles title.

# Michaël Llodra
Michaël Llodra (] ; born 18 May 1980) is a French former professional tennis player.  He is a successful doubles player with three Grand Slam championships and an Olympic silver medal, and has also had success in singles, winning five career titles and gaining victories over Novak Djokovic, Juan Martín del Potro, Tomáš Berdych, Robin Söderling, Jo-Wilfried Tsonga, Nikolay Davydenko, Janko Tipsarević and John Isner.  Llodra has been called "the best volleyer on tour".

# 2013 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament
The 2013 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament (or Rotterdam Open) was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts.  It took place at the Ahoy Rotterdam arena in the Dutch city of Rotterdam, between 11 and 17 February 2013.  It was the 41st edition of the Rotterdam Open, whose official name is the ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament.  The competition was part of the ATP World Tour 500 series of the 2013 ATP World Tour.  Second-seeded Juan Martín del Potro won the singles title.

# An Na
An Na (born 1972) is a South Korea-born American children's book author.  Starting her career as a middle school English and History teacher, Na turned to writing novels after taking a young adult literature class while enrolled in an M.F.A. program at Vermont College of Fine Arts.  She gained success with her very first novel "A Step From Heaven", published by Front Street Press in 2001, which won the annual Michael L. Printz Award from the American Library Association recognizing the year's "best book written for teens, based entirely on its literary merit".  It was also a finalist for the National Book Award, Young People's Literature, and later found its way onto numerous "best book" lists.  Na still makes frequent visits to middle schools to talk about her works and encourages young Asian-American students to become artists and harness their creativity.  She cites Frank McCourt's "Angela's Ashes" and Sandra Cisneros's "The House on Mango Street" among the influences on her writing and also admires the work of Madeleine L'Engle and of her first writing teacher, Jacqueline Woodson.  She divides her time between Oakland, California and Warren, Vermont.

# Charles Tazewell
Charles Tazewell (June 2, 1900 – June 26, 1972) was a radio playwright and children's book author, whose work has been adapted multiple times for film.

# Hank Zipzer's Christmas Catastrophe
Hank Zipzer's Christmas Catastrophe is a 2016 stand alone British Christmas movie based on the Hank Zipzer series of books by Henry Winkler and Lin Oliver and the TV series airing on CBBC.  The film will be airing on CBBC on 12 December 2016.  It is written by Joe Williams and is directed by Matt Bloom.  The film is produced by Kindle Entertainment in association with Walker Productions and DHX Media with support from Screen Yorkshire’s Yorkshire Content Fund.  It is the fourth movie based on a CBBC programme after "", "Shaun the Sheep Movie" and "".  It is the second movie based on a CBBC show, which has not been released in cinemas and only shown on TV after ""

# Kraft Suspense Theatre
The Kraft Suspense Theatre is an American television anthology series that was produced and broadcast from 1963 to 1965 on NBC.  Sponsored by Kraft Foods, it was seen three weeks out of every four and was pre-empted for Perry Como's "Kraft Music Hall" specials once monthly.  Como's production company, Roncom Films, also produced "Kraft Suspense Theatre."  (The company name, "Roncom Films" stood for "RONnie COMo," Perry's son, who was in his early twenties when this series premiered).  Writer, editor, critic and radio playwright Anthony Boucher served as consultant on the series.

# The Small One
The Small One is a 1978 American animated featurette produced by Walt Disney Productions and released theatrically by Buena Vista Distribution on December 16, 1978 with a Christmas 1978 re-issue of "Pinocchio".  The story is based on a children's book of the same name by Charles Tazewell and was an experiment for the new generation of Disney animators including Don Bluth, Richard Rich, Henry Selick, Gary Goldman and John Pomeroy.

# The Face on the Milk Carton
The Face on the Milk Carton is a 1995 made for television movie based on the book written by Caroline B. Cooney.  The movie stars Kellie Martin as Jennifer Sands/Janie Jessmon, a 16-year-old girl who finds her face on the back of a milk carton and puts the pieces of her past together.

# Pichilemu Blues
Pichilemu Blues is a 1993 book written by Chilean politician Esteban Valenzuela.  A movie based on the book was also released, starring Peggy Cordero, Ximena Nogueira and Evaristo Acevedo.

# Gábor Nógrádi
Gábor Nógrádi (born June 22, 1947, Nyíregyháza) is a Hungarian book author, screenwriter, playwright, essayist, publicist and poet who is best known for his children's novels such as the "Pigeon granny" and "The story of" "Pie ("original title PetePite")", a book which won the 2002 Children's Book of the Year award, was on the IBBY Honor List (International Board for Young People) and was ranked among the 100 most popular books in Hungary in the 2005 'Big Book' competition.

# Randy Romero
Randy Paul Romero (born December 22, 1957 in Erath, Louisiana) is a Hall of Fame jockey in the sport of Thoroughbred horse racing, Born into a family involved with horses, his father Lloyd J. Romero was a Louisiana state trooper who trained American Quarter Horses and later, after a drunk driver crashed into his police car and permanently disabled him, he began training Thoroughbreds for flat racing.  The 1978 movie "Casey's Shadow" is based on Lloyd Romero and his family.  He was elected into the Thoroughbred Racing Hall of Fame May 27, 2010.

# Wilbooks
Wilbooks is a children’s book educational publishing company based in West Chester, Pennsylvania.  The company was founded by children’s book author Bruce Larkin in 1996.  The company publishes fiction, non-fiction, humor, and poetry books geared towards children from Pre-kindergarten to third grade.  Wilbooks publishes leveled, educational books with a focus on teaching children how to read.  In 2009 Wilbooks (through Bruce Larkin) donated over 500,000 books to schools, teachers, and literacy organizations throughout the United States.

# Christian Educational Consortium
Founded in 2001, the Christian Educational Consortium (CEC) is a private school in Louisville, Kentucky.  A collegiate style school for Christian home educated students, CEC classes are offered to grades 6-12.  CEC meets twice a week on Tuesday and Wednesday at Indiana Wesleyan University - Louisville campus.  For the 2010-2011 school year, approximately 350 students were enrolled, and currently, for the 2016-2017 school year, there are over 500 students.  CEC offers over 60 different classes in all the core subjects (English, math, science,and history),the arts, and many different electives such as World View, Psychology, Journalism, Chess,Drama, Philosophy, Business, and Computer.  There are also four foreign languages from which students can choose: Chinese, Italian, Spanish, and Latin.  At this school, you may take anywhere from one to six classes.  There are a total of eight 90-min to 120 min.  periods, four on Tuesday and four on Wednesday.  Each teacher will assign homework suitable for one week.  The student then complete the homework during the course of the school week, for each class in which he/she is enrolled.

# Nazareth Area High School
Nazareth High School is a public high school located in Nazareth, Pennsylvania, in the United States.  It is the only high school in the Nazareth Area School District and serves grades 9 through 12.  Its mascot is the Blue Eagle and school colors are blue and white.  Student enrollment for the 2010-2011 school year was approximately 1,600 students.  In a 2006 study conducted by the school district, 43% of households within the district's boundaries reported having one or more children in the high school.  As of the 2009-2010 school year, the high school was fully accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools.  In 2012, Nazareth Area High School received the Keystone Award from the Pennsylvania Department of Education for achieving Annual Yearly Progress for two consecutive years as measured by the Pennsylvania State System of Assessment (PSSA) tests.  Nazareth Area High School has also appeared on the College Boards Advanced Placement Honor Roll for the last four consecutive years, out of the five it has been awarded, one of just two Pennsylvania schools to do so.  Nazareth Area High School has an AP test passing rate of 87%, above state average of 69% and global average of 61%.

# Cleveland High School
Cleveland High School or CvHS is located in unincorporated Johnston County, North Carolina.  It lies within the Cleveland community, with a postal address of Clayton.  It was established during the 2010- 2011 school year.  It is a public school which is part of Johnston County Schools.  Cleveland High School was originally part of Cleveland School, which was founded in 1925 as an all-grade school.  Due to the growth of student population in Johnston County, the high school grade students were moved to South Johnston High School in 1969, as well as other high schools in the county.  The remaining students continued to attend until the middle school was built in 1999.  The current high school opened in 2010, one of two new Johnston County School District high schools to open that year, the other being Corinth Holders High School.

# Cedar Ridge High School
Cedar Ridge High School is a public secondary school in Round Rock, United States.  For the 2010-2011 school year, the school includes grades nine and ten.  Grade eleven was added in 2011-2012 and grade twelve in 2012-2013.  The school is the largest high school in the Round Rock Independent School District (RRISD), and in Central Texas with an enrollment of more than 3,000 students.  Admission is primarily based on the locations of students' homes in the district.  The building of the school was approved in the 2006 Bond, and was completed just prior to the beginning of the 2010-2011 school year.

# High Tech High North County
High Tech High North County, also known as HTHNC, is a charter school located in San Marcos, California.  It is a part of the High Tech High organization.  Opening in 2007, with its initial class consisting of only 150 freshmen, the school has since expanded, with more than five hundred and fifty students attending.  Each year, there had been a new class added.  In the 2008-2009 school year, it was sophomores, in the 2009-2010 school year it was juniors, and in the 2010-2011 school year it became seniors.  It is one of only two High Tech High schools to be built from the ground up with the other being High Tech High Chula Vista. The school follows the same type of personalized, college preparatory, project-based learning characterized at other High Tech High schools.

# Topeka High School
Topeka High School (THS) is a fully accredited high school, serving students in grades 9–12, located in Topeka, Kansas.  It is one of four high schools within Topeka Public Schools.  In the 2010-2011 school year, there were 1,840 students enrolled.

# Northern Nevada 3A Region
The Northern Nevada 3A Region is a part of the Nevada Interscholastic Activities Association, governing the northern half of Nevada for high school athletics.  The Northern 3A league is the 2nd largest school level, which has schools with enrollments of 461 to 1200.  There are currently 9 member schools in the Northern 3A league for the 2010-2011 school year.  Elko High School, South Tahoe High School, and Churchill County High School have moved down from the Northern 4A beginning the 2010-2011 school year.

# West Bloomfield High School
West Bloomfield High School is a public secondary school in West Bloomfield, Michigan.  The school is the only public high school in the West Bloomfield School District.  The School Enrollment for the 2010-2011 school year is about 1900.  West Bloomfield High School was previously located in the Abbott Middle School building, which opened on January 31, 1955 with an enrollment of 406.  From fall 1968 through spring 1971, the school was temporarily located at the site of the current Orchard Lake Middle School.  The current building was built in 1971.  West Bloomfield High School has begun to offer the Advanced Placement International Diploma to the classes of 2011 and beyond.  In addition, it established additional Advanced Placement courses starting the 2010-2011 school year.

# Patrick Henry High School
Patrick Henry High School is a high school in Ashland, Virginia in Hanover County.  Patrick Henry is one of four high schools in Hanover County, and the only High school in the western half of the county.  In 1959, after years of deliberation, Patrick Henry High School began with the consolidation of Beaverdam, Henry Clay, Montpelier, and Rockville high schools.  The western Hanover County high school enrolled students in grades eight through twelve.  The name of the school, as well as the name of its literary publications, The Voice, The Spark, and The Orator, reference the history of Patrick Henry, Hanover County's most illustrious citizen.  Even the school colors of red, white, and blue are a patriotic symbol of history.  In 1969, Patrick Henry High and John M. Gandy High School merged to form one Integrated student body.  Also in 1969, a new junior high school was built, and Patrick Henry opened that school year as a senior high school serving students in grades ten through twelve.  When the junior high school was changed to a middle school in 1988, Patrick Henry became a high school enrolling students in grades nine through twelve.  The school campus of West Patrick Henry Road, which consists of a complex of buildings, began as a campus style school.  Additions of an auditorium, classrooms, cafeteria, new gymnasium, and renovations to the media center and administrative offices resulted in an all-enclosed facility in 1992.  As the population and the needs of the school have changed, so have the dimensions of the school.  A new addition/renovation was added to the facility in the fall of 2001 providing state-of-the-art career and technical education opportunities.  This addition consisted of a broadcasting studio, a bio-technology lab, a communication technology center, a computer-assisted drafting lab, and three classrooms.  Patrick Henry celebrated its 50th anniversary in September 2009.  Patrick Henry High has an International Baccalaureate program, as well as a NJROTC program.  Patrick Henry High is especially known for its NJROTC program that is consistently ranked among the top in the state of Virginia.  During the 2010-2011 school year, a program called Rachel's Challenge was introduced.  Patrick Henry High is also noted for its theatre program, being the best in the county, and taken most seriously.

# Chris Barnes
Chris Barnes (born February 25, 1970 in Topeka, Kansas) is an American professional bowler currently on the Professional Bowlers Association (PBA) Tour.  He attended Topeka High School, and then bowled collegiately at Wichita State University, where he earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Business Management.  He was a member of Team USA for four years.

# Louis Armstrong Hot Five and Hot Seven Sessions
The Louis Armstrong Hot Five and Hot Seven Sessions were recorded between 1925 and 1928 by Louis Armstrong with his Hot Five and Hot Seven groups.  According to the National Recording Registry, "Louis Armstrong was jazz's first great soloist and is among American music's most important and influential figures.  These sessions, his solos in particular, set a standard musicians still strive to equal in their beauty and innovation."  These recordings were added to the National Recording Registry in 2002, the first year of the institution's existence.

# Ella Fitzgerald
Ella Jane Fitzgerald (April 25, 1917 – June 15, 1996) was an African - American jazz singer often referred to as the First Lady of Song, Queen of Jazz and Lady Ella.  She was noted for her purity of tone, impeccable diction, phrasing and intonation, and a "horn-like" improvisational ability, particularly in her scat singing.

# Louis Armstrong New Orleans International Airport
Louis Armstrong New Orleans International Airport (IATA: MSY, ICAO: KMSY, FAA LID: MSY) is an international airport in Jefferson Parish, Louisiana, United States.  It is owned by the city of New Orleans and is 11 miles west of downtown New Orleans.  The airport's address is 900 Airline Drive in Kenner, Louisiana.  A small portion of Runway 11/29 is in unincorporated St. Charles Parish.  Armstrong International is the primary commercial airport for the New Orleans metropolitan area and southeast Louisiana.  The airport was formerly known as Moisant Field, and it is also known as Louis Armstrong International Airport and New Orleans International Airport.

# Heebie Jeebies
"Heebie Jeebies" is a composition written by Boyd Atkins which achieved fame when it was recorded by Louis Armstrong in 1926.  The recording on Okeh Records by Louis Armstrong and his Hot Five includes a famous example of scat singing by Armstrong.

# Would You Like to Take a Walk?
"Would You Like to Take a Walk?"  is a popular song with music by Harry Warren and lyrics by Mort Dixon and Billy Rose.  It appeared in the Broadway show "Sweet and Low" starring James Barton, Fannie Brice and George Jessel.  The song was published in 1930 by Remick Music Corporation.  The song has become a pop standard, recorded by many artists including Rudy Vallee in 1931, Annette Hanshaw in 1931 , and Bing Crosby.  It plays in the 1939 Porky Pig cartoon "Naughty Neighbors" and the 1942 Daffy Duck cartoon "The Daffy Duckaroo".  Ella Fitzgerald and Louis Armstrong recorded the song for Decca in 1951, accompanied by the Dave Barbour Orchestra.  It was later included on Ella's Decca album "Ella and Her Fellas".

# Louis Armstrong Plays W.C. Handy
Louis Armstrong Plays W. C. Handy is a 1954 studio release by Louis Armstrong and His All Stars, described by Allmusic as "Louis Armstrong's finest record of the 1950s" and "essential music for all serious jazz collections".  Columbia CD released the album on CD in 1986 in a much altered form, with alternative versions in place of many of the original songs, but restored the original with its 1997 re-issue, which also included additional tracks: a brief interview by the producer, George Avakian, with W. C. Handy; a joke told by Louis Armstrong; and several rehearsal versions of the songs.

# Louis Armstrong and His Hot Seven
Louis Armstrong and his Hot Seven was a jazz studio group organized to make a series of recordings for Okeh Records in Chicago, Illinois, in May 1927.  Some of the personnel also recorded with Louis Armstrong and His Hot Five, including Johnny Dodds (clarinet), Lil Armstrong (piano), and Johnny St. Cyr (banjo and guitar).  These musicians were augmented by Dodds's brother, Baby Dodds (drums), Pete Briggs (tuba), and John Thomas (trombone, replacing Armstrong's usual trombonist, Kid Ory, who was then touring with King Oliver).  Briggs and Thomas were at the time working with Armstrong's performing group, the Sunset Stompers.

# Saint Louis Blues
"Saint Louis Blues" is a popular American song composed by W. C. Handy in the blues style and published in September 1914.  It remains a fundamental part of jazz musicians' repertoire.  It was also one of the first blues songs to succeed as a pop song.  It has been performed by numerous musicians in various styles, including Louis Armstrong, Bessie Smith, Count Basie, Glenn Miller, Guy Lombardo, and the Boston Pops Orchestra.  It has been called "the jazzman's "Hamlet"."  The 1925 version sung by Bessie Smith, with Louis Armstrong on cornet, was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame in 1993.  The 1929 version by Louis Armstrong & His Orchestra (with Red Allen) was inducted in 2008.

# Potato Head Blues
"Potato Head Blues" is a Louis Armstrong composition regarded as one of his finest recordings.  It was made by Louis Armstrong and his Hot Seven for Okeh Records in Chicago, Illinois on May 10, 1927.  It was recorded during a remarkably productive week in which Armstrong's usual Hot Five was temporarily expanded to seven players by the addition of tuba and drums; over five sessions the group recorded twelve sides.

# Danny Barcelona
Danny Barcelona (July 23, 1929 – April 1, 2007) was a jazz drummer best known for his years with Louis Armstrong's All-Stars.  He was a Filipino-American born in Waipahu, a community of Honolulu, Hawaii.  He was also frequently introduced to audiences by Louis Armstrong as The Little Filipino Boy.  Armstrong usually followed up by calling himself "the little Arabian boy".

# Seven Faces
Seven Faces is a 1929 American pre-Code drama film with fantasy elements that was released by Fox Film Corporation in the Fox Movietone sound-on-film system on December 1, 1929.  Based upon the piece of short fiction "A Friend of Napoleon" which was published in the June 30, 1923, issue of "The Saturday Evening Post" magazine by popular writer Richard Connell (whose best known work, "The Most Dangerous Game", was filmed three years later), it was directed by Berthold Viertel and stars Paul Muni in his second screen appearance.  "Seven Faces" is a lost film, with no excerpts from its footage known to exist.

# Patrick Burns
Patrick Burns (born 1968) is an American paranormal investigator, best known as star of the TruTV (formerly Court TV) series "Haunting Evidence".  He is the founder of the popular website Ghost Hounds, which in 2001 was featured in an Emmy award-winning Turner documentary "Interact Atlanta - 'Ghost Hounds' ".  Burns is also the organizer and director of Ghostock, paranormal enthusiast events held at various locations across the USA, and is a professional photographer through Patrick Burns Photography.

# Thrill of a Romance
Thrill of a Romance (also known as "Thrill of a New Romance") was an American romance film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in 1945, starring Van Johnson, Esther Williams and Carleton G. Young, with musical performances by opera singer Lauritz Melchior.  The film was directed by Richard Thorpe and written by Richard Connell and Gladys Lehman.

# The Most Dangerous Game
"The Most Dangerous Game", also published as "The Hounds of Zaroff", is a short story by Richard Connell, first published in "Collier's" on January 19, 1924.  The story features a big-game hunter from New York City who falls off a yacht and swims to an isolated island in the Caribbean, where he is hunted by a Russian aristocrat.  The story is inspired by the big-game hunting safaris in Africa and South America that were particularly fashionable among wealthy Americans in the 1920s.

# Cuthy Mede
Cuthy Mede is a Malawian artist.  Lonely Planet said "possibly the best-known [Malawian] artist is Cuthy Mede – he is also actively involved in the development and promotion of Malawian art within the country and around the world."  Cuthy Mede grew up on Likoma Island, Lake Malawi where he drew in the rough sands of the beach as a child.  Later he studied Fine Art in Chancellor College and became a lecturer at the College in the 1970s.  By the 1980s Mede established Gallerie Africaine in Lilongwe City Centre, the first art gallery by a local artist in Malawi.  Mede exhibited his work widely in Malawi, becoming a successful artist selling his work to international collectors.  Mede encouraged the work of young Malawian artists struggling to make a living selling folk art and wood carvings as street traders.  He also brought fine art work from other Malawian artists into his Gallery.  He was commissioned to paint a large mural decorating the City Centre.  Mede is best known for his modern art styles: modern, futurist, cubist and pointillist, with strong local themes.  His paintings depicted local people, historic events and current events in Malawi, Biblical references with local interpretations, indigenous religious expressions, and paintings about ideas such as Justice, Greed, Man and Machine.  His paintings depict famine, refugees from Mozambique during the Civil War, voting and democracy, wedding celebration, spirits and possession, and the Nyau masquerade.  Mede's less known work is realistic, including a reproduction of the Mona Lisa.  His best known work is dominated by bright primary colors, cubist style, though his pointillist work favors ochres and softer tones in the overall effect.  In later years Mede painted mostly in shades of blue, then white on white, the purest light.  Mede is an evangelical Christian and his work begins with a point of light from which the rest of the painting flows, the energy from God.  This point of light is evident in most of his paintings as a single dot, a sun or moon, or an orb.  Best known for his paintings, Mede also produced sculptural forms such as wood figures covered in beads and pigments.  His garden in Lilongwe was made into a work of art, in white and light, with fluorescent light tubes hanging from trees and white painted rocks lining the drive and entry.  Mede's wife, Esther (deceased 2009), served as Principal Secretary for the Ministry of Research and Environmental Affairs in the Malawi government.

# Richard P. Gabriel
Richard P. Gabriel (born 1949) is an American computer scientist who is known for his work related to the Lisp programming language (and especially Common Lisp) in computing.  His best known work was a 1990 essay “Lisp: Good News, Bad News, How to Win Big”, which incorporated the phrase Worse is Better, and his set of Lisp benchmarks (the "Gabriel Benchmarks"), published in 1985 as "Performance and evaluation of Lisp systems", which became a standard way of benchmarking Lisp implementations.

# E. P. Thompson
Edward Palmer Thompson (3 February 1924 – 28 August 1993), usually cited as E. P. Thompson, was a British historian, writer, socialist and peace campaigner.  He is probably best known today for his historical work on the British radical movements in the late 18th and early 19th centuries, in particular "The Making of the English Working Class" (1963).  He also published influential biographies of William Morris (1955) and (posthumously) William Blake (1993) and was a prolific journalist and essayist.  He also published the novel "The Sykaos Papers" and a collection of poetry.  His work is considered to have been among the most important contributions to labour history and social history in the latter twentieth-century, with a global impact, including on scholarship in Asia and Africa.

# LRRC
LRRC (Luddite Rural Recording Cooperative) was an online music mail-order and CDR/vinyl-focused independent record label run by Indiana lo-fi musician Joseph O'Connell, best known for his band Elephant Micah.  In addition to some of O'Connell's own work, the label released music by Elephant Micah collaborator Jason Henn.  The LRRC online store also stocked a variety of what O'Connell called "Homemade Music from Kentuckiana and Abroad," including recordings by regional underground bands like Vollmar, Mt. Gigantic, and Bronze Float.

# Andrea Alpago
Andrea Alpago (c. 1450 – late 1521 or January 1522) was an Italian physician and arabist.  In publications of his work in Latin his name is frequently given as Andreas Alpagus Bellunensis, where "Bellunensis" refers to his birthplace of Belluno in northeastern Italy.  He worked in Damascus in Syria for decades as physician to the consulate of Republic of Venice in Damascus.  He was appointed professor of medicine in Padua in northeastern Italy in 1521, where he taught for only two or three months before his death.  None of his works were published during his lifetime; after his death they were published on the initiative of his nephew Paolo Alpago.  His best known work is his commentary and editing of the Latin translation of "The Canon of Medicine" of Ibn Sina.  This medicine book was translated from Arabic to Latin in the late 12th century by Gerard of Cremona.  Andrea Alpago's edition and supplements to Gerard of Cremona's translation was widely read in European medical circles during the 16th century.  It was first published in 1527 and an expanded edition was published in 1544.

# William Henry Oliphant Smeaton
William Henry Oliphant Smeaton (24 October 1856 – 31 March 1914), sometimes using the pen name Oliphant Smeaton, was a Scottish writer, journalist, editor, historian and educator.  He was popularly known for his writing on Australian life and literature for various British publications as well as for his adventure and children's fiction novels during the 1890s.  Later in his career, Smeaton also published books on Scottish antiquities and edited English literary text, ballads and collections of verse and prose.  His best known work, "The Life and Works of William Shakespeare" (1911), was especially successful and enjoyed several reprints.  He also contributed several biographies for the "Famous Scots Series" published by Oliphant, Anderson and Ferrier.

# Badlands Unlimited
Badlands Unlimited is a New York-based independent publisher founded by the artist Paul Chan (artist) in 2010, and consists of artists Micaela Durand (Director), Ian Cheng (Editor at Large), Parker Bruce, and Ambika Subramaniam.  The press publishes texts by and with other artists in the form of paperbacks, ebooks, digital group exhibitions, a stone book, and other various media.  The press also does consulting on projects related to digital publishing for art institutions.

# Springer Protocols
Springer Protocols is a database of life sciences protocols published by Springer Science+Business Media.  These "recipes" allow scientists to recreate experiments in their own laboratory.  Springer Protocols contains more than 33,000 protocols, most of which are derived from the book series Methods in Molecular Biology, published under the Humana Press imprint.  That book series, edited by John M. Walker since 1984, contains more than 1,100 volumes and has spawned several related book series.  "Springer Protocols" replaced "BioMed Protocols", a Humana Press database, in January 2008.

# K. A. Applegate
Katherine Alice Applegate (born October 9, 1956 in Ann Arbor, Michigan) is an American young adult and children's fiction writer, best known as the author of the "Animorphs", "Remnants", "Everworld", and other book series.  She won the 2013 Newbery Medal for her 2012 children's novel "The One and Only Ivan".  Applegate's most popular books are science fiction, fantasy, and adventure novels.  She won the Best New Children's Book Series Award in 1997 in "Publishers Weekly".  Her book "Home of the Brave" has won two awards.  She also wrote a chapter book series in 2008-9 called "Roscoe Riley Rules".

# The X-Files Season 11
The X-Files Season 11 is an 8-issue comic book series published by IDW Publishing.  The title follows "The X-Files Season 10" comic book series and serves as an extension of the television series "The X-Files".  Chris Carter, who created the television series, is the Executive Producer of the comic book series, while the issues are written by Joe Harris and illustrated by Matthew Dow Smith and Jordie Bellaire.

# Hit-Girl
Hit-Girl is a creator-owned comic book series written by Mark Millar and illustrated by John Romita, Jr. The series is published by Marvel Comics under the company's Icon imprint.  It takes place chronologically between the "Kick-Ass" comic book series and the "Kick-Ass 2" comic book series.

# Jesse Stone: Thin Ice
Jesse Stone: Thin Ice is a 2009 American television crime drama film directed by Robert Harmon and starring Tom Selleck, Kathy Baker, and Kohl Sudduth.  Based on the characters from the Jesse Stone book series created by Robert B. Parker, the film is about the police chief of a small New England town who investigates a cryptic letter sent to the mother of a kidnapped child who was declared dead.  Filmed on location in Nova Scotia, the story is set in the fictitious town of Paradise, Massachusetts.  "Jesse Stone: Thin Ice" is the fifth in a series of nine television films based on the characters of Parker's Jesse Stone novels.  The film received an American Society of Cinematographers Award for Outstanding Achievement in Cinematography, as well as a Canadian Society of Cinematographers Award for Best Cinematography in TV Drama for Rene Ohashi.

# Alan Garner
Alan Garner OBE (born 17 October 1934) is an English novelist best known for his children's fantasy novels and his retellings of traditional British folk tales.  Much of his work is firmly rooted in the landscape, history and folklore of his native county of Cheshire, North West England, being set in the region and making use of the native Cheshire dialect.

# The Stone Book Quartet
The Stone Book Quartet, or Stone Book series, is a set of four short novels by Alan Garner and published by William Collins, Sons, from 1976 to 1978.  Set in eastern Cheshire, they feature one day each in the life of four generations of Garner's family and they span more than a century.

# Star Wars: Republic
Star Wars: Republic is an American comic book series set in the fictional "Star Wars" universe.  The series was published by Dark Horse Comics from 1998 to February 2006.  The series was originally titled simply "Star Wars", but acquired its "Republic" title at issue 46.  The entire series comprises 83 issues.  The "Star Wars: Republic" series is one of a number of comic book series set in the "Star Wars" expanded universe.

# Bionicle Legends
Bionicle Legends is the third book series based in the Bionicle universe.  It had ended in 2008 and was succeeded by a new, final 3-book series, titled "Bionicle Super Chapter Books".  Bionicle Legends covered the events that occurred in the storyline's 2006–2008 story arc.  It follows the "Bionicle Adventures" series; but as "Adventures" is almost exclusively told in flashbacks, the events preceding those in "Legends" are told in the first book series, "Bionicle Chronicles".

# Rose Kennedy
Countess Rose Elizabeth Fitzgerald Kennedy (July 21, 1890 – January 22, 1995) was an American philanthropist, centenarian and socialite.  She was deeply embedded in the "lace curtain" Irish Catholic community in Boston, where her father was mayor.  She was the wife of businessman and investor Joseph P. Kennedy Sr., who was United States Ambassador to the Court of St James's.  Their nine children included President John F. Kennedy, Senator Robert F. Kennedy, and longtime Senator Ted Kennedy.  She was the sixth American woman to be granted the title of "Countess" by the Vatican.

# John F. Fitzgerald
John Francis "Honey Fitz" Fitzgerald (February 11, 1863 – October 2, 1950) was an American politician, father of Rose Kennedy and maternal grandfather of President John F. Kennedy.

# Doyle's Cafe
Doyle's Cafe is a bar / restaurant located on Washington Street in the Jamaica Plain neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.  Doyle's Cafe was established in 1882 and is located near the Samuel Adams Brewery.  Its close proximity to the Samuel Adams Brewery affords Doyle's the unique opportunity to serve new or experimental Samuel Adams beers.  It is also where Samuel Adams Boston Lager was first put on tap.  Throughout its history, Doyle's has been known as a favorite watering hole for both local and national politicians.  On St. Patrick's Day in 1988, Senator Ted Kennedy helped dedicate a new room at the location to his maternal grandfather, John F. Fitzgerald.

# Anthony Shriver
Anthony Paul Kennedy Shriver (born July 20, 1965) is an American activist for people with intellectual disabilities.  In 1989, he founded Best Buddies International, an international organization that helps people with intellectual disabilities to find employment and social opportunities.  Through his mother, he is a nephew of World War II casualty Joseph P. Kennedy, Jr., President John F. Kennedy, Senator Robert F. Kennedy, and Senator Ted Kennedy.

# Jean Kennedy Smith
Jean Ann Kennedy Smith (born February 20, 1928) is an American diplomat who served as United States Ambassador to Ireland from 1993 to 1998.  She is the eighth of nine children born to Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr. and Rose Fitzgerald, and is their longest-lived and last surviving child.  Her siblings include President John F. Kennedy, Senator Robert F. Kennedy, longtime Senator Ted Kennedy, and Special Olympics founder Eunice Kennedy Shriver.

# Patricia Kennedy Lawford
Patricia Helen "Pat" Kennedy Lawford (May 6, 1924 – September 17, 2006) was an American socialite and the sixth of nine children of Rose and Joseph P. Kennedy Sr. She was a sister of President John F. Kennedy, Senator Robert F. Kennedy, and Senator Ted Kennedy.  Pat wanted to be a film producer, a profession not readily open to young women in her time.  She married English actor Peter Lawford in 1954, but they experienced a serious culture-clash and divorced in 1966.

# Kerry Kennedy
Mary Kerry Kennedy (born September 8, 1959) is an American human rights activist and writer.  She is the seventh child and third daughter of Robert F. Kennedy and Ethel Skakel Kennedy.  After her 15-year marriage to now-New York Governor Andrew Cuomo, she was known as Kerry Kennedy Cuomo from 1991 until 2003.  She is the president of Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights.  She is also a niece of the late President John F. Kennedy and United States Senator Ted Kennedy, and a cousin of former U.S. Ambassador to Japan Caroline Kennedy and Maria Shriver, the estranged wife of actor, bodybuilder, and former California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger.

# Kara Kennedy
Kara Anne Kennedy Allen (February 27, 1960 – September 16, 2011) was a member of the American political dynasty, the Kennedy family.  She was the oldest of the three children of U.S. Senator Ted Kennedy from Massachusetts and Joan Bennett Kennedy, and a niece of President John F. Kennedy and Senator Robert F. Kennedy.

# Patrick Kennedy
Patrick Kennedy (February 16, 1823 – November 22, 1858) was an Irish farmer, businessman, and politician who moved to East Boston, Massachusetts from County Wexford, Ireland.  He was born in New Ross, Ireland.  He was the father of businessman/politician P. J. Kennedy, paternal grandfather of businessman/politician Joseph P. Kennedy Sr., and patrilineal great-grandfather of World War II casualty Joseph P. Kennedy Jr., President John F. Kennedy, Senator Robert F. Kennedy, and longtime Senator Ted Kennedy.

# Kennedy Compound
The Kennedy Compound consists of three houses on six acres (24,000 m²) of waterfront property on Cape Cod along Nantucket Sound in Hyannis Port, Massachusetts, United States.  It was once the home of American businessman and political figure Joseph P. Kennedy Sr., his wife Rose, and two of their sons, President John F. Kennedy and Senator Robert F. Kennedy.  Their youngest son, Senator Ted Kennedy, lived in his parents' house, and it was his main residence from 1982 to 2009.  He died of brain cancer at the compound in August 2009.

# The Color Purple
The Color Purple is a 1982 epistolary novel by American author Alice Walker that won the 1983 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the National Book Award for Fiction.  It was later adapted into a film and musical of the same name.

# Alice Crimmins
Alice Crimmins is an American woman who was charged with killing her two children, 5 year old Eddie and 4 year old Alice Marie, known as Missy, who went missing on July 14, 1965.  Alice Marie's body was found that day, and Eddie Jr.'s was found five days later.

# Connie Walker
Connie Walker (b. 1957) is an American astronomer and senior employee of the National Optical Astronomy Observatory (NOAO).  She works in the NOAO's Research Based Science Education department, helping teachers develop curricula to help children learn about Astronomy.  She is the director of both GLOBE at Night and Project Astro, and is a member of the board of directors of the International Dark Sky Association and the Astronomical Society of the Pacific.  She was also chair of the International Year of Astronomy Dark Skies Awareness project, and continues to chair the dark skies awareness programs of Global Astronomy Month.  Walker also serves on commission 50 of the International Astronomical Union.

# Epistolary novel
An epistolary novel is a novel written as a series of documents.  The usual form is letters, although diary entries, newspaper clippings and other documents are sometimes used.  Recently, electronic "documents" such as recordings and radio, blogs, and e-mails have also come into use.  The word "epistolary" is derived from Latin from the Greek word ἐπιστολή "epistolē", meaning a letter (see epistle).

# Tobe Levin
Tobe Levin Freifrau von Gleichen (*Feb 16, 1948), a multi-lingual scholar, translator, editor and activist, is an Associate of the Hutchins Center for African and African American Research at Harvard University; a Visiting Research Fellow at the International Gender Studies Centre, Lady Margaret Hall, University of Oxford; an activist against female genital mutilation (FGM) and professor of English Emerita at the University of Maryland, University College.  Having received her PhD in 1979 from Cornell University, she is most known for combining her advocacy against FGM with her academic scholarship in comparative literature.  She has published peer-reviewed and popular articles and book chapters, edited four books, launched UnCUT/VOICES Press in 2009 and founded "Feminist Europa Review of Books" (1998-2010).  Her most notable works to date are "Empathy and Rage.  Female Genital Mutilation in African Literature" and " Waging Empathy.  Alice Walker, Possessing the Secret of Joy, and the Global Movement to Ban FGM."  Alice Walker expressed appreciation for the text that shows worldwide solidarity with the novelist's literary abolition efforts in the early nineties.  Levin has also teamed up with Maria Kiminta and photographer Britta Radike to publish a memoir and sourcebook, "Kiminta.  A Maasai's Fight against Female Genital Mutilation."

# Blanche Cornwall
Blanche Cornwall (born April 24, 1868 in New York City, New York), was an American silent film and stage actress.  She was particularly active between 1911 and 1914 as one of the leading stars in Solax Studios films directed by Alice Guy-Blaché.  Before 1911, she was part of The Shubert Organization and made a success playing in theatrical adaptations of "Charlotte Temple" and "David Copperfield".  But already in 1918, in a letter to the editor of the "Motion Picture Magazine", a fan evoked Blanche Cornwall as a delightful "reminiscence" and a forgotten "old star."

# Warrior Marks
Warrior Marks: Female Genital Mutilation and the Sexual Blinding of Women is a 1993 book by Alice Walker with Pratibha Parmar, who made an award-winning documentary of the same name.  Following on from her 1992 novel "Possessing the Secret of Joy", Walker undertakes a journey to parts of Africa where clitoridectomy is still practised.  "Warrior Marks" is a harrowing work as Walker interviews women who have had the operation done and finally interviews a woman—circumcised herself—who performs the operation.

# Diamond White
Diamond White (born January 1, 1999) is an American singer, actress and voice actress who, in 2007 at the age of 8, starred in a Chicago-based production of "The Color Purple" that also toured nationally.  She voices Frankie Greene in "," Fuli on the Disney Junior series "The Lion Guard," and has had cameo appearances on "The Haunted Hathaways" and "Sofia the First" and a recurring role on "Phineas and Ferb."  In 2012, she was a contestant on the second season of the American version of "The X Factor," finishing in fifth place.

# Scott Sanders
Scott Sanders (born 1957) is an American television producer, film producer and theatrical producer.  He is best known for the theatrical musical version of Alice Walker’s novel "The Color Purple", of which he was Lead Producer along with Oprah Winfrey, Quincy Jones, and Harvey Weinstein, for producing "Elaine Stritch: at Liberty" and the 2012 revival of the musical "Evita", and for his work on numerous musical and theatrical productions.

# Alice Walker: Beauty in Truth
Alice Walker: Beauty in Truth is a documentary film directed by Pratibha Parmar, made by Kali Films production company.  The film follows the life of the Pulitzer Prize-winning author, poet and activist Alice Walker.  Shooting began in May 2011.  It was aired on the BBC on Monday July 8, 2013, and on PBS on February 7, 2014.

# Jaimee Foxworth
Jaimee Monae Foxworth (born December 17, 1979) is an American actress and model.  She is best known for her role of Judy Winslow, the youngest daughter of Carl and Harriette Winslow on the ABC/CBS sitcom "Family Matters".  She later transitioned to pornographic films using the name Crave, starring in several titles.

# Eric Brown
Eric Brown (born December 17, 1964) is a former American film and television actor.  Brown is best known for his role as Phillip Fillmore in the 1981 coming of age film "Private Lessons" and as Vinton "Buzz" Harper, Jr. in the NBC version of the American sitcom "Mama's Family".

# Don Terry
Don Terry (born Donald Prescott Loker, 8 August 1902 – 6 October 1988) was an American film actor, best known for his lead appearances in B films and serials in the 1930s and early 1940s.  His best known role is probably playing the recurring character of Naval Commander Don Winslow in Universal Pictures serials of the early 1940s, including "Don Winslow of the Navy" (1942) and "Don Winslow of the Coast Guard" (1943).

# Orlando Brown
Orlando Brown (born December 4, 1987) is an American actor, voice actor, rapper and singer.  He is best known for his role as Eddie Thomas in "That's So Raven", 3J Winslow in "Family Matters", Tiger in "Major Payne", Max in "Two of a Kind", Damey Wayne in the short-lived Waynehead, Dobbs in "Max Keeble's Big Move", and Frankie in "Eddie's Million Dollar Cook Off".

# Randy J. Goodwin
Randy J. Goodwin, born as Ivan Jerome Goodwin, is a Hollywood actor.  He is perhaps best known for his role as "Kennedy Winslow" on "Fast Track" and "Max Ellis" on the show "Abby", as well as his recurring roles on "Girlfriends" as "Davis Hamilton" and "The Vampire Diaries" as "Dr. Jonas Martin".

# Family Matters
Family Matters is an American sitcom which originated on ABC from September 22, 1989 to May 9, 1997, before moving to CBS from September 19, 1997 to July 17, 1998.  A spin-off of "Perfect Strangers," the series revolves around the Winslow family, a middle-class African American family living in Chicago, Illinois.  Midway through the first season, the show introduced the Winslows' nerdy neighbor Steve Urkel (Jaleel White), who quickly became its breakout character and eventually the show's main character.  Having run for nine seasons, "Family Matters" became the second longest-running non-animated US sitcom with a predominantly African American cast, behind only "The Jeffersons" (11).  Having aired 215 episodes, "Family Matters" is ranked third, behind only "Tyler Perry's House of Payne" (254), and "The Jeffersons" (253).

# Kellie Shanygne Williams
Kellie Shanygne Williams (born March 22, 1976) is an American actress.  She is best known for her role as Laura Lee Winslow, the middle child of Carl and Harriette Winslow on the ABC/CBS television series "Family Matters" which ran from 1989–1998.  Her middle name is pronounced Sha-neen.

# Darius McCrary
Darius Creston McCrary (born May 1, 1976) is an American film and television actor and singer.  He is best known for his role as Edward "Eddie" Winslow, the oldest child of Carl and Harriette Winslow on the ABC/CBS television sitcom "Family Matters "which ran from 1989–1998.  Another one of McCrary's notable roles was as Scam in the 1987 comedy film "Big Shots", which was his film debut.  He provided the voice of Jazz in the 2007 "Transformers" reboot.  From December 2009 to October 2011, he portrayed photographer Malcolm Winters on the CBS daytime drama "The Young and the Restless".

# Rhoda
Rhoda was an American sitcom starring Valerie Harper which aired a total of 109 half-hour episodes and one hour-long episode over five seasons from September 9, 1974 to December 9, 1978.  The show was a spin-off of "The Mary Tyler Moore Show", in which Harper between the years 1970 and 1974 had played the role of Rhoda Morgenstern, a spunky, weight-conscious, flamboyantly fashioned Jewish neighbor and native New Yorker in the role of Mary Richards' best friend.  After four seasons, Rhoda left Minneapolis and returned to her original hometown of New York City.  The series was the winner of two Golden Globes and two Emmy Awards.

# Glenn Quinn
Glenn Martin Christopher Francis Quinn (May 28, 1970 – December 3, 2002) was an Irish actor in television and film, known for playing Mark Healy in the American sitcom "Roseanne", and Doyle, a half-demon, on "Angel", a spin-off series of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer".

# Livesey Hall War Memorial
The Livesey Hall War Memorial commemorates the fallen of World War I and World War II who had been employed by the South Suburban Gas Company of London.  It is also a tribute to those employees who served in the wars.  The monument was designed and executed by British sculptor Sydney March, of the March family of artists.

# Alamein Memorial
The Alamein Memorial is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission war memorial in the El Alamein War Cemetery, El Alamein, Egypt.  The memorial commemorates 11,866 Commonwealth forces members who died during World War II.  The memorial was designed by Hubert Worthington and unveiled by Viscount Montgomery of Alamein on 24 October 1954.

# Rainham War Memorial
The Rainham War Memorial commemorates soldiers killed in both World Wars as well as civilian casualties of World War II.

# Portsmouth Naval Memorial
The Portsmouth Naval Memorial, sometimes known as Southsea Naval Memorial, is a war memorial in Portsmouth, Hampshire, England, on Southsea Common beside Clarence Esplanade, between Clarence Pier and Southsea Castle.  The memorial commemorates approximately 25,000 British and Commonwealth sailors who were lost in the World Wars, around 10,000 sailors in the First World War and 15,000 in the Second World War.  The memorial features a central obelisk, with names of the dead on bronze plaques arranged around the memorial according to the year of death.

# Freetown Memorial
The Freetown Memorial is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission war memorial located outside the Secretariate Building in Freetown, Sierra Leone.  The memorial generally commemorates Soldiers from Sierra Leone who died whilst serving with the Royal West African Frontier Force in West Africa and whose graves are not known.  The Freetown Memorial commemorates 1,109 First World War casualties and 247 from the Second World War.

# Vietnam War Memorial, Hanoi
The War Memorial in Hanoi is located across the Ba Dinh Square, across the Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum and close to Hanoi Citadel.  Constructed in 1993 in a fusion of traditional Vietnamese and modernist architecture, the memorial commemorates men and women who sacrificed themselves during the Second Indochina War.  The war is known by many names, e.g. as the American War in Vietnam.  The memorial is a focal point for state functions, commemorating the war dead.

# Tower Hill Memorial
The Tower Hill Memorial is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission war memorial on the south side of Trinity Square Gardens, in London, England.  The memorial commemorates those from the Merchant Navy and fishing fleets who died during both world wars and have "no grave but the sea".  The memorial was designed by Edwin Lutyens with sculpture work by William Reid Dick, the Second World War extension was designed by Edward Maufe with sculpture work by Charles Wheeler.

# Arras Flying Services Memorial
The Arras Flying Services Memorial Commonwealth War Graves Commission war memorial in the Faubourg d'Amiens Cemetery, Arras, France.  The memorial commemorates nearly 1,000 airmen from forces of the Commonwealth who were killed on the Western Front during World War I and who have no known grave.  The memorial was designed by Edwin Lutyens, sculpted by William Reid Dick and unveiled by Hugh Trenchard, 1st Viscount Trenchard, Marshal of the Royal Air Force on 31 July 1932.

# Masnières Newfoundland Memorial
The Masnières Newfoundland Memorial is a Dominion of Newfoundland war memorial that commemorates the actions of the Royal Newfoundland Regiment during the First Battle of Cambrai, of World War I.  Located at the north end of the town of Masnières, France, the memorial commemorates the participation of the Newfoundlanders in the taking and defense of the town during the First Battle of Cambrai between the 20th of November and 2 December 1917.

# World War II casualties
World War II was the deadliest military conflict in history in absolute terms of total casualties.  Over 60 million people were killed, which was about 3% of the 1940 world population (est. 2.3 billion).  The tables below give a detailed country-by-country count of human losses.  World War II fatality statistics vary, with estimates of total deaths ranging from 50 million to more than 80 million.  The higher figure of over 80 million includes deaths from war-related disease and famine.  Civilians killed totalled 50 to 55 million, including 19 to 28 million from war-related disease and famine.  Military deaths from all causes totalled 21 to 25 million, including deaths in captivity of about 5 million prisoners of war.

# HMAS Narani
HMAS "Narani" was an auxiliary minesweeper operated by the Royal Australian Navy (RAN) during World War II.  "Narani" was requisitioned from the Illawarra & South Coast Steam Navigation Company as auxiliaries.  The 381-ton vessel was armed with a 12-pounder 12cwt QF gun, a 20mm Oerlikon cannon, a .303-inch Vickers machine gun, and four Type D depth charges, and was commissioned into the RAN on 11 June 1941.

# Vickers machine gun
The Vickers machine gun or Vickers gun is a name primarily used to refer to the water-cooled .303 British (7.7 mm) machine gun produced by Vickers Limited, originally for the British Army.  The machine gun typically required a six to eight-man team to operate: one fired, one fed the ammunition, the rest helped to carry the weapon, its ammunition, and spare parts.  It was in service from before the First World War until the 1960s, with air-cooled versions of it on many Allied World War I fighter aircraft.

# Goalkeeper CIWS
Goalkeeper is a Dutch close-in weapon system (CIWS) introduced in 1979.  It is an autonomous and completely automatic weapon system for short-range defence of ships against highly maneuverable missiles, aircraft and fast maneuvering surface vessels.  Once activated the system automatically undertakes the entire air defense process from surveillance and detection to destruction, including selection of the next priority target.

# ČZ 2000
The ČZ 2000 is a prototype 5.56 mm caliber Czech weapon system, consisting of a standard rifle, carbine and light machine gun.  The system was developed in 1991 after adapting the LADA firearm prototype (chambered for the 5.45×39mm M74 cartridge to the standard NATO 5.56×45mm round with the SS109 bullet.)  J. Denel from the Brno-based Prototypa-ZM company is the chief designer for both systems.  The ČZ 2000 (short for "Česká zbrojovka", and the number 2000 signifies that this is a weapon system of the year 2000) was to be produced by Česká zbrojovka of Uherský Brod.  It was to be the new service weapon of the Czech Army, replacing: the 7.62 mm vz.  58 assault rifle, 7.65 mm vz.  61 Škorpion submachine gun and 7.62 mm vz.  59 machine gun.  As of 2007, the project has been discontinued.

# Pershing II
The Pershing II Weapon System was a solid-fueled two-stage ballistic missile designed and built by Martin Marietta to replace the Pershing 1a Field Artillery Missile System as the United States Army's primary nuclear-capable theater-level weapon.  The U.S. Army replaced the Pershing 1a with the Pershing II Weapon System in 1983 while the German Air Force retained Pershing 1a until all Pershings were eliminated in 1991.  The U.S. Army Missile Command (MICOM) managed the development and improvements while the Field Artillery Branch deployed the systems and developed tactical doctrine.

# AK-630
The AK-630 is a Soviet and Russian fully automatic naval close-in weapon system based on a six-barreled 30 mm rotary cannon.  In "630", "6" means 6 barrels and "30" means 30 mm.  It is mounted in an enclosed automatic turret and directed by radar and television detection and tracking.  The system's primary purpose is defense against anti-ship missiles and other precision guided weapons.  However it can also be employed against fixed or rotary wing aircraft, ships and other small craft, coastal targets, and floating mines.  Once operational, this weapon system was rapidly adopted, with up to 8 units installed in every new Soviet warship (from mine-hunters to aircraft carriers), and hundreds produced in total.

# M24 Sniper Weapon System
The M24 Sniper Weapon System (SWS) is the military and police version of the Remington Model 700 rifle, "M24" being the model name assigned by the United States Army after adoption as their standard sniper rifle in 1988.  The M24 is referred to as a "weapon system" because it consists of not only a rifle, but also a detachable telescopic sight and other accessories.

# 14th Marine Regiment
The 14th Marine Regiment (14th Marines) is a reserve artillery regiment of the United States Marine Corps consisting of three artillery battalions and a headquarters battery.  The regiment is based in Fort Worth, Texas however its units are dispersed among 15 different sites in 12 states.  Its primary weapon system is the M777A2 Howitzer with a maximum effective range of 30 km however one of its battalions has converted to fire the High Mobility Artillery Rocket System (HIMARS) weapon system.

# Weapon system
Weapon System is a United States military term that designated, along with a weapon system number (e.g., WS-110), military experimental (MX) weapons prior to official naming (e.g., under a military aircraft designation system.  Preceded by the first Skunk Works program (MX-813 for the Convair XF-92 in 1946), the earliest "WS" designation was the 1954 WS-117L.  Circa February 1950, an Air Research and Development Command ""study prepared by Maj Gen Gordon P. Saville ... recommended that a 'systems approach' to new weapons be adopted "[whereby]" development of a weapon "system" required development of support equipment as well as the actual hardware itself.""

# SWARM
The SWARM Remote Weapon System (Stabilised Weapon And Reconnaissance Mount) is a fully armored remote weapon system designed and built by the Thales Group in Glasgow, Scotland.  The SWARM system consists of two main assemblies: the Gun Processing and Interface Unit (GPIU), which is operated inside the vehicle, and the external Weapon and Sensor Platform (WASP).  It can fire a variety of weapons, and utilize multiple sensors.  On the US Marine Corps' Gladiator Tactical Unmanned Ground Vehicle (TUGV), it is equipped with a 7.62 mm M240 and day/night sensors.

# BMW X6
The BMW X6 is a mid-size luxury crossover by German automaker BMW.

# BMW 303
The BMW 303 was a small family saloon produced by BMW in 1933 and 1934.  It was the first BMW motor car with a six-cylinder engine and the first BMW motor car with the "kidney grille" associated with the brand.  The platform developed for the 303 was used for several other BMW cars, including the BMW 309, a four-cylinder version of the 303, the BMW 315, a 1.5-litre version of the 303 which replaced it in 1934 and was built until 1937, the BMW 319, a 1.9-litre version of the 303 produced alongside the 315 from 1935 to 1937, and the BMW 329, a development of the 319 with styling based on the newer, larger BMW 326, that briefly replaced the 319 in 1937.

# BMW N53
The BMW N53 is a straight 6 DOHC piston engine which was produced from 2006 to 2011.  It is the final naturally aspirated straight-6 engine produced by BMW, ending a history of continuous production of this engine configuration since 1968.  The N53 released in 2006 in the facelifted E60/E61 523i and 525i.  Following the introduction of the N20 turbocharged straight-4 engine in 2011, the N53 began to be phased out.  The N54 turbocharged straight-6 engine was produced alongside the N53, therefore the N54 took over as the highest performance six-cylinder engine.

# BMW X5
The BMW E53 is the first-generation BMW X5 mid-sized luxury crossover SUV.  It was produced from 1999-2006 and was replaced by the BMW E70.  The E53 was developed at a time when BMW still owned Land Rover and as such shares many components and designs with both the Land Rover Range Rover L322 model (specifically the Hill Descent System and Off Road Engine Management system) and the BMW E39 5 Series (specifically engines and electronic systems).  The entire in-car entertainment system (Radio Function, Navigation System, Television and Telecommunications systems) are shared with other BMWs and L322.

# Italian cruiser Bolzano
Bolzano was a unique heavy cruiser, sometimes considered to be a member of the "Trento" class , built for the Italian "Regia Marina" (Royal Navy) in the early 1930s, the last vessel of the type to be built by Italy.  A modified version of the earlier "Trento" class, she had a heavier displacement, slightly shorter length, a newer model of 203 mm gun, and a more powerful propulsion system, among other differences influenced by the "Zara" class that had followed the "Trento"s. "Bolzano" was built by the Gio.  Ansaldo & C. between her keel laying in June 1930 and her commissioning in August 1933.

# Honda CB125
The Honda CB125 was a 122 cc motorcycle made by Honda from 1971-1975 (1973-1985 in the US).  It had an overhead camshaft (OHC) engine with a 9500 rpm redline.  The "S" model was produced from 1971 to 1975 and was replaced in 1976 by the "J" model (the US bikes retained the S designation).  The newer model sported a two piece head, 124 cc displacement, and a larger carburetor.

# BMW X-Coupe
The X-Coupe was a concept crossover coupe designed by Chris Bangle for BMW, debuting at the 2001 North American International Auto Show in Detroit.  Based upon the BMW X5 chassis, the X-Coupe featured an aluminium body and a 3.0 litre turbo-diesel engine.  Unlike the BMW X5, the X-Coupe had an aluminium body, a trunk opening downwards and two doors that swing outward.

# Double Dragon
Double Dragon (Japanese: <ruby ><rb>双截龍</rb><rp> (</rp><rt >ダブルドラゴン</rt><rp>)</rp></ruby> , Hepburn: Daburu Doragon ) is a 1987 beat 'em up video game developed by Technōs Japan and distributed in North America and Europe by Taito.  The game is a spiritual and technological successor to Technos' earlier beat 'em up, "Nekketsu Kōha Kunio-kun" (released outside of Japan by Taito as "Renegade"), but introduced several additions such as two-player cooperative gameplay and the ability to arm oneself with an enemy's weapon after disarming them.  "Double Dragon" is considered to be one of the first successful examples of the genre, resulting in the creation of two arcade sequels and several spinoffs, as well as inspiring other companies in creating their own beat 'em ups.

# Yakuza
Yakuza, known in Japan as Ryū ga Gotoku (龍が如く , "Like a Dragon") , is an open world action-adventure beat 'em up video game franchise created, owned and published by Sega.  The series originated from Toshihiro Nagoshi's desire to create a game that would tell the way of life of the "yakuza".  Nagoshi initially struggled to find a platform for the project, until Sony showed interest in the prospect.

# Gekido
Gekido: Urban Fighters is a beat 'em up video game for the PlayStation console, created by Italian studio Naps Team.  The game uses a fast paced beat 'em up system, with many bosses and a colorful design in terms of graphics.  The game features the music of Fatboy Slim and Apartment 26.  Marvel comic book artist Joe Madureira also contributed.  Versions of "Gekido" were also planned for the Game Boy Color and N-Gage but were never released.  It was later followed by a GBA spin-off called "".  A second sequel had been announced, entitled "Gekido: The Dark Angel".

# Yakuza Kiwami
Yakuza Kiwami is a 2016 action-adventure game developed by Sega for the PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 4.  It is a remake of "Yakuza", the first video game in the "Yakuza" series.  Similarly to "Yakuza 0", the prequel installment before it, "Yakuza Kiwami" was released exclusively on PlayStation 4 in Europe and North America in August 2017.  A "Kiwami" remake of "Yakuza 2" is set for a Japanese release in December 2017.

# Beat 'Em &amp; Eat 'Em
Beat 'Em and Eat 'Em is an erotic pornographic video game for the Atari 2600 by Mystique in 1982.  Distribution was handled by American Multiple Industries until distribution changed to Game Source.  Players control two nude women; the goal is to catch sperm falling from a masturbating man on a rooftop without missing.  Its gameplay has been compared to the Atari game "Kaboom! ".  There is also a gender-reversed version of the game titled Philly Flasher that features identical gameplay.  "Beat 'Em & Eat 'Em" has received negative reception since its release and is an oft-cited example of pornographic Atari 2600 games.

# Alien vs. Predator
Alien vs. Predator (エイリアンVSプレデター) is a beat 'em up video game developed and released by Capcom for the CPS-2 arcade game system in 1994.  In the game, the players take control of up to three out of four human and Predator characters in a battle against the Alien hordes and rogue human soldiers.  The game was very well received by the public and by media publications, becoming a classic title for many fans of the beat 'em up genre, but was never ported to any home system.

# Yakuza 5
Yakuza 5 (Japanese: 龍が如く5 夢、叶えし者 , Hepburn: Ryū ga Gotoku 5: Yume Kanaeshi Mono , "Like a Dragon 5: Fulfiller of Dreams") , is a 2012 open world action-adventure video game developed and published by Sega for the PlayStation 3.  The game is the fifth main entry in the "Yakuza" series of action-adventure games.  The game was released in December 2012 in Japan, and localized for North America, Europe and Australia as a PlayStation Network download exclusive in December 2015.  The game features a new graphics engine, unlike previous PS3 games in the series that have been re-utilizing the same engine since "Ryū ga Gotoku Kenzan! ".  For the first time in the series, it features five settings across Japan along with five playable main characters.  This game is also the first in the series to have a digital only release in the West.

# Yakuza Kiwami 2
Ryū ga Gotoku: Kiwami 2 (unofficially known as Yakuza Kiwami 2) is an action-adventure video game developed and published by Sega.  It is a remake of the 2006 video game "Yakuza 2", and is the series' second remake title following 2016's "Yakuza Kiwami".  It is being developed using the Dragon game engine from "Yakuza 6".  The game is set to be released for PlayStation 4 on December 7, 2017 in Japan.

# Die Hard Arcade
Die Hard Arcade, known in Japan as Dynamite Deka (ダイナマイト刑事 , Dainamaito Deka , lit.  "Dynamite Detective") is a beat 'em up video game released by Sega.  It was the first beat 'em up to use texture-mapped polygonal graphics.  An original property in Japan, the game was published outside Japan by Fox Interactive as a licensed product based on the "Die Hard" movie franchise.  Released in 1996 for arcades, the game was ported to the Sega Saturn in 1997 and the PlayStation 2 (Japan only) in the Sega Ages line in 2006.  A sequel, "Dynamite Cop", was released for arcades and Dreamcast in 1998 without the "Die Hard" license.

# Cartoon Network: Battle Crashers
Cartoon Network: Battle Crashers is a side-scrolling beat 'em up video game developed by French studio Magic Pockets and published by GameMill Entertainment.  It was released for Nintendo 3DS, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One, on 8 November 2016.  The game received extremely negative reviews from several video game journalists, who panned it as a repetitive and boring beat 'em up with bland representations of otherwise unique characters.  A port for the Nintendo Switch will be released on 14 November 2017.

# Mississippi gubernatorial election, 1935
The 1935 Mississippi gubernatorial election took place on November 5, 1935, in order to elect the Governor of Mississippi.  Incumbent Democrat Martin S. Conner was term-limited, and could not run for reelection to a second term.  As was common at the time, the Democratic candidate ran unopposed in the general election so therefore the Democratic primary was the real contest, and winning the primary was considered tantamount to election.

# Mississippi gubernatorial election, 1927
The 1927 Mississippi gubernatorial election took place on November 8, 1927, in order to elect the Governor of Mississippi.  Incumbent Democrat Dennis Murphree, as he had not served a full term, was eligible for and ran for election.  As was common at the time, the Democratic candidate ran unopposed in the general election so therefore the Democratic primary was the real contest, and winning the primary was considered tantamount to election.

# Mississippi gubernatorial election, 1931
The 1931 Mississippi gubernatorial election took place on November 3, 1931, in order to elect the Governor of Mississippi.  Incumbent Democrat Theodore G. Bilbo was term-limited, and could not run for reelection to a second term.  As was common at the time, the Democratic candidate ran unopposed in the general election so therefore the Democratic primary was the real contest, and winning the primary was considered tantamount to election.

# Mississippi gubernatorial election, 1923
The 1923 Mississippi gubernatorial election took place on November 6, 1923, in order to elect the Governor of Mississippi.  Incumbent Democrat Lee M. Russell was term-limited, and could not run for reelection to a second term.  As was common at the time, the Democratic candidate ran unopposed in the general election so therefore the Democratic primary was the real contest, and winning the primary was considered tantamount to election.

# Mississippi gubernatorial election, 1947
The 1947 Mississippi gubernatorial election took place on November 4, 1947, in order to elect the Governor of Mississippi.  Incumbent Democrat Fielding L. Wright, who had succeeded to the governorship a year prior following the death of Thomas L. Bailey, ran for election to a first full term.  As was common at the time, the Democratic candidate won in a landslide so therefore the Democratic primary was the real contest, and winning the primary was considered tantamount to election.

# Mississippi gubernatorial election, 1939
The 1939 Mississippi gubernatorial election took place on November 7, 1939, in order to elect the Governor of Mississippi.  Incumbent Democrat Hugh L. White was term-limited, and could not run for reelection to a second term.  As was common at the time, the Democratic candidate ran unopposed in the general election so therefore the Democratic primary was the real contest, and winning the primary was considered tantamount to election.

# Mississippi gubernatorial election, 1991
The 1991 Mississippi gubernatorial election took place on November 5, 1991, in order to elect the Governor of Mississippi.  Incumbent Democrat Ray Mabus unsuccessfully ran for reelection to a second term.  This election marked the first time a Republican was elected Governor of Mississippi since Adelbert Ames in 1873.

# Theodore G. Bilbo
Theodore Gilmore Bilbo (October 13, 1877August 21, 1947) was an American politician who twice served as governor of Mississippi (1916–20, 1928–32) and later was elected a U.S. Senator (1935–47).  A master of filibuster and scathing rhetoric, a rough-and-tumble fighter in debate, he made his name a synonym for white supremacy.  Like many Southern Democrats of his era, Bilbo believed that black people were inferior; he defended segregation, and was a member of the Ku Klux Klan.

# Mississippi gubernatorial election, 1919
The 1919 Mississippi gubernatorial election took place on November 4, 1919, in order to elect the Governor of Mississippi.  Incumbent Democrat Theodore G. Bilbo was term-limited, and could not run for reelection to a second term.  As was common at the time, the Democratic candidate won in a landslide in the general election so therefore the Democratic primary was the real contest, and winning the primary was considered tantamount to election.

# Mississippi gubernatorial election, 1943
The 1943 Mississippi gubernatorial election took place on November 2, 1943, in order to elect the Governor of Mississippi.  Incumbent Democrat Paul B. Johnson Sr. was term-limited, and could not run for reelection to a second term (he died less than two months after the election was held).  As was common at the time, the Democratic candidate ran unopposed in the general election so therefore the Democratic primary was the real contest, and winning the primary was considered tantamount to election.

# Mexican Drug War
The Mexican Drug War (also known as the Mexican War on Drugs; Spanish: "guerra contra el narcotráfico en México" ) is the Mexican theater of the United States' War on Drugs, involving an ongoing low-intensity asymmetric war between the Mexican Government and various drug trafficking syndicates.  Since 2006, when the Mexican military began to intervene, the government's principal goal has been to reduce the drug-related violence.  The Mexican government has asserted that their primary focus is on dismantling the powerful drug cartels, rather than on preventing drug trafficking, which is left to U.S. functionaries.

# Mexican Indignados Movement
The Mexican Indignados Movement ("Movimiento por la Paz con Justicia y Dignidad") is an ongoing protest movement that began on 28 March 2011 in response to the Mexican Drug War, government and corporate corruption, regressive economic policies, and growing economic inequality and poverty.  The protests were called by Mexican poet Javier Sicilia in response to the death of his son in Cuernavaca.  The protesters have called for an end to the Drug War, the legalization of drugs, and the removal of Mexican President Felipe Calderón.  Protests have occurred in over 40 Mexican cities, including an estimated 50,000 in Cuernavaca and 20,000 in Mexico City.

# Juan Cortina
Juan Nepomuceno Cortina Goseacochea (May 16, 1824 – October 30, 1894), also known by his nicknames Cheno Cortina, the Red Robber of the Rio Grande and the Rio Grande Robin Hood, was a Mexican rancher, politician, military leader, outlaw and folk hero.  He was an important caudillo, military general and regional leader, who effectively controlled the Mexican state of Tamaulipas as governor.  In borderlands history he is known for leading a paramilitary mounted Mexican Militia in the failed Cortina Wars.  The "Wars" were raids targeting Anglo-American civilians whose settlement Cortina opposed near the several leagues of land granted to his wealthy family on both sides of the Rio Grande.  Anglo families began immigrating to the Lower Rio Grande Valley after the Mexican Army was defeated by the Anglo-Mexican rebels of the Mexican State of Tejas, in the Texas Revolution.  From 1836 to 1848 when Cortina was 12–24 years old, parts of the Cortina Grant North of the Rio Grande River was in the disputed territory between the Rio Grande and the Nueces Rivers, claimed by both Mexico and the Republic of Texas.  The situation had a big impact on Cortina and his perspective on government and power.  When the United States defeated Mexico in the Mexican-American War in 1848, Mexico was forced to concede the disputed territory to Texas.  Cortina opposed this concession.  However, Cortina's Mexican militia was easily defeated and forced to flee into Mexico when the Texas Rangers, the United States Army and the local militia of Brownsville, Texas and Matamoros, Tamaulipas.  According to Robert Elman, author of "Badmen of the West", Cortina was the first "socially motivated border bandit," similar to Catarino Garza and Pancho Villa of later generations.  His followers were known as the "Cortinistas."

# 1990–98 Indonesian military operations in Aceh
The 1990–98 Indonesian military operations in Aceh also known as Operation Red Net (Indonesian: "Operasi Jaring Merah" ) or "Military Operation Area" (Indonesian: "Daerah Operasi Militer/DOM" ) was launched in early 1990s until August 22, 1998, against the separatist movement of Free Aceh Movement (GAM) in Aceh.  During that period, the Indonesian army practised large-scale and systematic human rights abuses against the Acehnese.  The war was characterised as the dirtiest war in Indonesia involving arbitrary executions, kidnapping, torture and disappearances, and the torching of villages.  Amnesty International called the military operations response as a "shock therapy" for GAM.  Villages that were suspected of harboring GAM operatives were burnt down and family members of suspected militants were kidnapped and tortured.  It is estimated more than 300 women and children were raped and between 9.000 (9,000) and 12.000 (12,000) people, mostly civilians, were killed between 1989 and 1998 in the operation.

# First Iraqi–Kurdish War
The First Kurdish–Iraqi War also known as Aylul revolts (Kurdish: شۆڕشی ئەیلوول‎ ) was a major event of the Iraqi-Kurdish conflict, lasting from 1961 until 1970.  The struggle was led by Mustafa Barzani, in an attempt to establish an independent Kurdish state in northern Iraq.  Throughout the 1960s, the uprising escalated into a long war, which failed to resolve despite internal power changes in Iraq.  During the war, 80% of the Iraqi army was engaged in combat with the Kurds.  The war ended with a stalemate in 1970, resulting in between 75,000 to 105,000 casualties.  A series of Kurdish-Iraqi negotiations followed the war in an attempt to resolve the conflict.  The negotiations led to the Iraqi-Kurdish Autonomy Agreement of 1970.

# Plan DN-III-E
The Plan DN-III-E or Plan to Aid Civilian Disaster is a series of measures protocolized and implemented primarily by bodies of the Mexican Secretariat of National Defense, specifically the Mexican Army and the Mexican Air Force organized as a body under the name of Support Force for Disaster (FACD).  This acts in response to a disastrous situation that affects or could affect a large group of civilians in Mexico and in some cases abroad.  It is also known as the 3rd Army mission entrusted to safeguard and protect civilians in case of disaster.

# Cristero War
The Cristero War or Cristero Rebellion (1926–29), also known as La Cristiada ] , was a widespread struggle in many central-western Mexican states against the secularist, anti-Catholic and anti-clerical policies of the Mexican government.  The rebellion was set off by enactment under President Plutarco Elías Calles of a statute to enforce the anti-clerical articles of the Mexican Constitution of 1917 (also known as the Calles Law).  Calles sought to eliminate the power of the Catholic Church and organizations affiliated with it as an institution, and also suppress popular religious celebration in local communities.  The massive, popular rural uprising was tacitly supported by the Church hierarchy and was aided by urban Catholic support.  US Ambassador Dwight W. Morrow brokered negotiations between the Calles government and the Church.  The government made some concessions, the Church withdrew its support for the Cristero fighters and the conflict ended in 1929.  It can be seen as a major event in the struggle between Church and State dating back to the 19th century with the War of Reform, but it can also be interpreted as the last major peasant uprising in Mexico following the end of the military phase of the Mexican Revolution in 1920.

# War Against War
In political philosophy and international relations especially in peace and conflict studies the concept of a war against war also known as war on war refers to the reification of armed conflicts.

# Queen Anne's War
Queen Anne's War (1702–1713), as the North American theater of the War of the Spanish Succession was known in the British colonies, was the second in a series of French and Indian Wars fought between France and England, later Great Britain, in North America for control of the continent.  The War of the Spanish Succession was primarily fought in Europe.  In addition to the two main combatants, the war also involved numerous American Indian tribes allied with each nation, and Spain, which was allied with France.  It was also known as the Third Indian War or in French as the Second Intercolonial War.

# Qatari–Bahraini War
The Qatari–Bahraini War also known as the Qatari War of Independence was an armed conflict that took place between 1867 and 1868 in the Persian Gulf.  The conflict pitted Bahrain and Abu Dhabi against the people of Qatar.  The conflict was the most flagrant violation of the 1835 maritime truce, requiring British intervention.  The two countries agreed to a truce, mediated by the United Kingdom, which led to Britain recognizing the Al Thani royal family of Qatar as the semi-independent ruler of Qatar.  The conflict resulted in wide-scale destruction in both countries.

# Typhoon Dinah
Typhoon Dinah, known as Typhoon Luding in the Philippines, was the fourth typhoon to form during August 1987.  An area of low pressure developed near Guam on August 19, and two days later, the low reached tropical storm intensity as it moved generally west.  Intensification was initially gradual, with Dinah becoming a typhoon early on August 24 before it subsequently intensified at a faster pace.  Dinah reached its highest strength on August 26 before turning northward on August 28 and into a less favorable conditions aloft, which prompted weakening.  Dinah entered the Sea of Japan after passing near Okinawa on August 29, where Dinah leveled off in intensity.  The system then began to recurve towards southwestern Japan, and after tracking through the area, Dinah transitioned into an extratropical cyclone on August 31, although the remnants could be traced for four more days as it approached the International Date Line.

# Cyclone Bijli
Cyclone Bijli (JTWC designation: 01B, also known as Cyclonic Storm Bijli), was the first tropical cyclone to form during the 2009 North Indian Ocean cyclone season.  Bijli formed from an area of Low Pressure on April 14.  Later that evening, RSMC New Delhi upgraded the low pressure area to a Depression and designated it as BOB 01.  The Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) then issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert for the system and soon after designated it as Tropical Depression 01B.  On the evening of April 15, both RSMC New Delhi and the JTWC reported that the system had intensified into a tropical storm, with the former naming it Bilji.  Soon after, Bilji reached its peak intensity as it approached the coast of Bangladesh.  However, on the morning of April 17, Bijli weakened to a deep depression due to land interaction, before making landfall just south of Chittagong.  The remnants of Bilji continued to weaken as they tracked across northern Myanmar, before RSMC New Delhi issued their last advisory on April 18.  The word Bijli refers to lightning in Hindi.

# November 2001 Atlantic Canada storm complex
The November 2001 Atlantic Canada storm complex was a powerful coastal storm that included the remnants of North Atlantic hurricanes Michelle and Noel.  The low intensified as it moved westward into Atlantic Canada on November 6, reaching a minimum pressure of 946 mbars.  The storm turned to the northeast and emerged into the Atlantic Ocean on November 8.  It produced strong winds throughout Atlantic Canada, including gusts of up to 96 mph (155 km/h) at the Confederation Bridge in Prince Edward Island.  High waves caused damage along the coastlines, while high winds left up to 100,000 without power.  Overall damage was minor, and no casualties were reported.

# Hurricane Arthur
Hurricane Arthur was the earliest known hurricane to make landfall in the U.S. state of North Carolina, and the first hurricane to make landfall in the United States since Hurricane Isaac in 2012.  The first named storm of the 2014 Atlantic hurricane season, Arthur developed from an initially non-tropical area of low pressure over the Southeastern United States that emerged into the western Atlantic Ocean on June 28.  After sufficiently organizing, developing a well-defined circulation and deep convection amid a favorable environment, it was classified a tropical depression on July 1.  The system continued to strengthen, and was declared a tropical storm later that day.  Drifting northward, the storm reached hurricane status early on July 3 and curved toward the north-northeast.  Further structural organization resulted in additional intensification, and by 01:00 UTC on July 4, the system attained its peak winds of 100 mph (160 km/h) as a Category 2 hurricane on the Saffir–Simpson hurricane wind scale.  Arthur made landfall at 03:15 UTC over North Carolina's Shackleford Banks, positioned between Cape Lookout and Beaufort, and intensified slightly further, with a minimum atmospheric pressure of 973 mbar (hPa; 28.70 inHg).  The storm then trekked swiftly northeast, weakening as it passed by Cape Cod and Nantucket, before transitioning into an extratropical cyclone and coming ashore at Weymouth, Nova Scotia, on July 5.  The remnants continued generally northeastward through Atlantic Canada before ultimately dissipating on July 9 over the Labrador Sea.

# Robert Case
Robert Allen "Bob" Case (December 16, 1939 – June 19, 2008) was a meteorologist who worked for the National Weather Service (NWS) for 28 years.  Over the course of his career, he worked in NWS various offices, developing a diverse background in various types of weather forecasting, including a lengthy stint as a hurricane forecaster.  He is best known for inspiring the naming of the 1991 Perfect Storm as "The Perfect Storm."

# Hurricane Bertha
Hurricane Bertha caused minor damage in the United States, Bermuda, and Atlantic Canada in July and August 1990.  The third tropical cyclone, second named storm, and first hurricane of the 1990 Atlantic hurricane season, Bertha developed from a frontal low pressure area offshore of North Carolina on July 24.  Initially subtropical, it slowly acquired tropical characteristics while tracked southeast and then southwestward.  By early on July 27, the cyclone was re-classified as a tropical depression.  Following its transition, the depression intensified and was upgraded to Tropical Storm Bertha on July 28.  The storm then curved northeastward and rapidly strengthened.  Bertha became a hurricane early on July 29, though it weakened back to a tropical storm later that day.  On the following day, Bertha re-intensified into a hurricane and peaked as an 80 mph (130 km/h) Category 1 hurricane on July 31.

# Christmas 1994 nor'easter
The Christmas 1994 nor'easter was an intense cyclone along the East Coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada.  It developed from an area of low pressure in the southeast Gulf of Mexico near the Florida Keys, and moved across the state of Florida.  As it entered the warm waters of the Gulf Stream in the Atlantic Ocean, it began to rapidly intensify, exhibiting traits of a tropical system, including the formation of an eye.  It attained a pressure of 970 millibars on December 23 and 24, and after moving northward, it came ashore near New York City on Christmas Eve.  Because of the uncertain nature of the storm, the National Hurricane Center (NHC) did not classify it as a tropical cyclone.

# March 1969 nor'easter
The March 1969 nor'easter was an extratropical cyclone that moved into the Gulf of Mexico on March 5, moving through southern Georgia, then deepened as it moved along the lower Eastern Seaboard, before swinging wide of New England and Atlantic Canada.  Heavy snows fell across eastern Maryland, southern Delaware, and Martha's Vineyard in Massachusetts.  It was a strong system, with maximum sustained winds of 80 kn a central pressure close to 950 hPa while south of Atlantic Canada.  The system then moved into the far northern Atlantic Ocean while splitting into two low pressure areas on March 10.

# Subtropical Storm One
Subtropical Storm One was a short-lived subtropical cyclone that brought copious amounts of rainfall to central Florida in late June 1974.  The storm originated in an area of convection that detached from a tropical depression over the southwestern Gulf of Mexico on June 24.  A new area of low pressure developed underneath the convection and the system began to intensify.  Later that day, the storm had become sufficiently organized to be classified as a subtropical depression.  Early on June 25, it made landfall near Clearwater, Florida with winds of 50 mph (85 km/h) and later attained its peak intensity over eastern Florida with winds of 65 mph (100 km/h).  After reemerging into the Atlantic Ocean, the system began to weaken as it underwent an extratropical transition.  The storm ultimately dissipated off the coast of North Carolina early on June 26.

# 1991 Perfect Storm
The 1991 Perfect Storm, also known as The No-Name Storm (especially in the years immediately after it took place) and the Halloween Gale, was a nor'easter that absorbed Hurricane Grace and ultimately evolved back into a small unnamed hurricane late in its life cycle.  The initial area of low pressure developed off Atlantic Canada on October 29.  Forced southward by a ridge to its north, it reached its peak intensity as a large and powerful cyclone.  The storm lashed the east coast of the United States with high waves and coastal flooding before turning to the southwest and weakening.  Moving over warmer waters, the system transitioned into a subtropical cyclone before becoming a tropical storm.  It executed a loop off the Mid-Atlantic states and turned toward the northeast.  On November 1 the system evolved into a full-fledged hurricane with peak winds of 75 miles per hour (120 km/h), although the National Hurricane Center left it unnamed to avoid confusion amid media interest in the predecessor extratropical storm.  It later received the name "the Perfect Storm" (playing off the common expression) after a conversation between Boston National Weather Service forecaster Robert Case and author Sebastian Junger.  The system was the fourth hurricane and final tropical cyclone in the 1991 Atlantic hurricane season.  The tropical system weakened, striking Nova Scotia as a tropical storm before dissipating.